0 to 170 clicks per day with AI SEO.


That's what's happened to my agency's


website as you can see right here. And


today I'm going to break it down for


you. So, I'm going to show you what's


happened to my agency's website using a


simple AI SEO system. No expensive


tools, no complicated software, no


waiting for results with SEO. Just claw


AI, some free keyword research, and a


link building strategy that actually


works as you can see. So, I mean, this


website was getting like literally zero


clicks back here, and now it is getting


up to like 176. You see the trajectory


it's on is going up pretty nicely right


there. So, here's the thing that people


get wrong about SEO. They think you need


to be technical. They think you need


fancy software and they think it takes


forever. Wrong, wrong, and wrong again.


Today, I'm going to pull back the


curtain and show you exactly how I did


this. You're going to see the exact


keywords to targeted, the exact prompts,


the exact link building approach that


moved the needle. And the best part is


you can do this even if you've never


done SEO before, even if you've tried


SEO and failed, even if you think AI is


confusing. I'm going to walk you through


the whole thing step by step. And by the


end of this video, you'll have a


complete free 30-day system you can copy


and paste into your own business if you


want to. Right. So, we're going to get


straight into this and we're going to be


using something called the Goldie


Accelerator Framework. As you can see


right here, if you've never um seen this


group before, this is a free AI success


lab and it's going to run you through


all the notes from today. Actually


connects you with 42,700


entrepreneurs interested in AI. And if


you go to the classroom here and then


you go down to AI SEO, you'll see all


the video notes from today with all the


links, resources, 30-day plan, etc.


Right, completely free link in the


comments description. So, the Goldie AI


SEO framework, let's run you through it.


This is the exact system I used to take


my agency from zero to 176 clicks a day.


And I call it the Goldie AI SEO


accelerator because it combines three


things. Claude AI for content creation,


low competition keyword research, and


strategic link building. So, when you


put these three things together,


something magical actually happens. You


stop fighting for impossible keywords.


You start ranking fast and you build


momentum that compounds over time,


right? It's like um how I approach Muay


Thai training. For example, I don't try


and knock someone out in the first


round. You set things up, you find the


openings, you land strategic strikes


that add up. And it's the same with SEO,


right? So, let me break down exactly


what happened with my agency website.


So, if we look at where we're at right


now, you can see, you know, previously


we're at like zero and we started


publishing around about here. It was


sort of the end of September last year


that we started publishing a lot of


content to this website and pretty much


um every single video that I created I


would turn into a blog post. So I'm


going to test this out. Wilty, are you


on again my friend? Good to see you.


You're [clears throat] making me laugh.


Maybe we if if someone is watching,


they're not sure what's going on. So


I've done three this is my third live


stream today. I do one for AI SEO. I do


one for making money and I do one for AI


tools in general and then I publish the


videos. Right. And Walty says, "When do


you sleep? I've been too long. Um, it's


6:00 a.m. here and haven't been sleep


yet, though I may not last through the


whole live." Well, I appreciate you


watching either way, man. What a legend


you. [laughter]


Wilty has made every single live stream


today. So, I appreciate that, man. Like,


what dedication? Um, so basically what


I'm going to break down today is my


exact process for doing this. So, where


do we get started? Well, if we have a


look at this website, we'll analyze and


break down what we're doing here. So, if


we look at this website for example,


right, this my agency website, the goal


here is to drive people to the SEO


strategy session or to get them to order


SEO online, right? And so, like you


don't need a lot of traffic to actually


monetize this website. And when we


actually do generate traffic to it, if


you have a look, for example, we'll log


into HFS here and we'll check out what


we're doing. But essentially um we've


built a lot of backlinks to this


website. A lot of them natural and a lot


of them actually coming through to the


site and HFS is way way behind on the


organic traffic as you already know. But


if we have a look here, the main thing


to note here out of all this dashboard


is that you've got a DR a domain rating


55. So it's a pretty powerful website,


right? Um inspired Michelle says,


"Hello. Hello from Vancouver. It's 3:12


a.m. Appreciate you watching. Good to


see you. I went to Vancouver airport


last year and it was the nicest airport


I've ever been to. Like the friendliest


people. So always like Canadians. And


you can see here Wily says, "Yes, I have


been watching."


So we're going to get back to this now.


We're going to have a look at what sort


of backlinks we've built. All right. So


if we look at let's say for example,


we're only going to look at one link per


domain and then we only want to look at


do follow. Right? This is how you can


quickly filter down the backlink profile


and just find decent stuff. And [snorts]


what you can see here if we look through


the website for example is like we're


getting pages from for example like


trafficthinktac.com


and this is a domain rating 70. Now one


of the craziest things about this is


like we haven't actually done any


outreach to this website. They've just


linked to us naturally from


trafficthinktank.com


and um you can see us listed as one of


the top seven books in SEO right there.


Look at that. I didn't even know I was


on this list. And so we're getting a lot


of backlinks naturally because we do so


much personal branding. And then what we


also do is we do some outreach as well.


In fact, I don't think we do much


outreach anymore, but we used to do a


lot of outreach and and that's what we


do for a lot of our clients as well. Um,


Inspired Michelle, oh, Jason says, "Is


this live?" It is live. Jason McKay,


thanks very much for joining. Good to


see here. And then Inspired Michelle


says, "Are you driving to the to the


website or a landing page lately?"


People say driving to the landing page,


not web. And do you have a video that


explains what backlinks really are?


Sorry, I'm a rookie. All right, cool.


So, a lot to break down there. So, um


yeah, if you actually go on YouTube,


like we've got tons of training on link


building. So, if you type in Jul link


building, for example, you'll see all my


trainings on link building. If you


actually um do you know what? If you DM


me inside the AI success lab, and anyone


watching, if you DM me inside the AI


success lab, I'll just give you a free


copy of my book just to help you. Um but


yeah, that's basically it. And then if


you want some videos, just just have a


look at my videos on the website. Um,


but yeah, essentially that's what it is.


Backlinks are kind of like boats from


other websites say your content is good.


The more backlinks you get, the more


likely you are to rank. Now, where do we


drive the back links to? We drive Oh,


Wilty says, "Hit the like button,


subscribe." That's what we're talking


about. Thank you, Wilty. Um, you're on


fire today, man. Appreciate it. Um, and


you can see here, basically, we're


driving back links to inner pages on our


site, right? So, for example, here we've


got backlink from this site and it


points to this site over here, right?


And um basically we're just pointing to


inner pages. So it's a mix of like


homepage links, inner page links,


landing page links, etc. So not really


linking anywhere specific, but you can


see that's helped the traffic a lot and


that makes it much easier to rank


because the more backlinks you have, the


more authority you have, the more likely


you are to rank. So if we have a look


here, you know, really what changed


everything? Well, we stopped targeting


impossible keywords everyone fights


server. We started using claw to find


gaps competitive. We built real


backlings from real websites as you've


seen today already. And then you can see


here that we've created content that


actually answers what people search for.


Spider Michelle says thanks cool will


do. Awesome. And so if we have a look


for example at this website and what


we're doing here um we're going after


like really niche keywords like really


easy stuff to rank for that most people


wouldn't. So for example, if you look at


this like who is trying to rank for that


keyword, right? But people are searching


on Google and it does have um it does


have search volume, right? But you can


see here, for example, if we type in


this on Google, well, we're going to


rank in one way or another. So, for


example, you can see we're ranking with


our videos for this particular keyword.


How do we drive um better rankings for


our videos? Well, one of the methods we


do is like we do embed these websites uh


with our videos and that helps rank them


as well. That helps drive more traffic


to them. And then for example between


the keyword research the content and


everything else that we're doing we just


have a much higher chance of ranking


right um for example here if we look at


this keyword let's have a look here um


you can see us ranking on the first page


of Google with two different channels


from YouTube as you can see right and


then if we actually scroll down you can


see that AI overviews is sourcing us and


our content for this particular keyword


right um so we're going after like


really niche stuff like really low


competition stuff. I don't think many


people are trying to rank for that


keyword, although I can see a few


YouTube videos trying to do it. But you


can see here, for example, our page


ranks number one. And then we have


another page ranking number two, right?


And so if you have a look at this


keyword as well,


um this page will ranking twice inside


AI views for that particular keyword as


well as with our video here and our


video here, right? And so we can rank


four times on the first page of Google.


Pretty simple. And also, we've got


another page ranking right here. here.


And bear in mind, like this page was


only created 20 hours ago if you have a


look at that. And then we've got another


page that's ranking for that particular


keyword. What have we done? We just


posted the caption plus a video and


boom, it started ranking on Google. So


there's many different ways. I think


even this this is one of our Reddit


threads as well. Look at that. It's


crazy. It's crazy this stuff, right? So


um one of the things that we do is we


actually publish across multiple


platforms using the content from our


videos and then we we rank it multiple


times. So we don't just get traffic to


our website, we also get traffic to our


videos from Google and we also get


traffic to our Reddit and our LinkedIn


as you can see. So that's basically how


it works. That's the whole process. Now


you know some people going to say SEO


takes years to see results. The new


belief and I think this is a much more


power empowering belief which which is


that low competition keywords can rank


in weeks. And here's what nobody tells


you about SEO, right? Um, so for


example, the people who say it takes


years of targeting keywords they have no


business targeting, right? Um, it's like


a white belt walking into a Muay Thai


gym and trying to fight professional. Of


course, you're going to lose, right? But


what if you fought other white belts?


Well, that's what low competition


keywords are. They're winnable fights.


Um, and when I started focusing on


keywords the big competitors ignored, I


started seeing rankings within weeks,


not months, not years, weeks. Right? So,


the game isn't about being the biggest.


is about being strategic and that is


what we are doing with our content with


our backlink strategy and by posting


across multiple platforms as well.


Righty says Julian explain a little bit


more about your 24-hour free offer that


you listed. Not sure what that is. If


you mean this one for the AR profit


boardroom um this one right here, right?


So basically you can see everything


that's broken down, but if you're not


sure about something in the offer, you


know, feel free to ask me. But basically


you get all of this stuff. Um, and this


if you join the AR profit boardroom, you


can see the numbers break down right


here. Plus, if you sign up annually, you


get all this stuff. Uh, so yeah, there


you go. And then Jason McKay says, "I


used to get loads of traffic to my Etsy


store."


And then


um and eBay 150 orders a day. the last


couple of years has gone to dust and I


don't know why it seems like if you're


not spending um well I mean like you can


rank organically but the way that we do


it is we don't just rank with one


platform right because this is what


happens so for example if you're


creating content just on your website um


and then you know something happens


Google changes algorithm or whatever the


problem with that the biggest issue with


that is like you lose all your traffic


overnight whereas if you look for


example if our website got clapped and


let's say for example Google decided we


don't like Julian's website. We're going


to mark him down, right? Well, no


problem, mate. So, we got two YouTube


channels ranking on first page, Google,


and then we've also got our website


ranking right here. We've got LinkedIn


and we've got Reddit, right? And so,


like in multiple different ways, from


multiple different angles, and multiple


different platforms, we're ranking our


content. And so, you become like


unstoppable. And that's the way that I


like to look at AI SEO. That's that's


one of the things that we're doing with


this as well, but I'll come on to that


later. Um, some people will think you


need to be technical to do SEO.


Actually, Claude AI handles all the


technical stuff for you, right? And I'll


show you how we do this. And it's super


simple. When it comes to creating the


content, I actually have a team that


have never done SEO before and they get


results better than 99% SEOs. Why is


that? Is because they're using the


systems that I've set up for them. What


are the systems that we've set up? Let


me show you. So, basically what they do


is they take a piece of content like


this one, right? Um, then they take the


transcript from the video like this,


right? We just get rid of this ad


quickly. There we go. Get rid of the ad.


And then they take the transcript like


you see here. And all they do is they go


up to Claude, they paste that in, they


take um a prompt like this


as you can see. So they take this


prompt, they plug it into Claude and


then they put the keyword here. So let's


say for example the keyword for this was


like notebook and Gemini, right?


notebook LM


and Gemini AI, right? Well, they would


just plug it in like you see here and


that would automate the content, right?


And that's pretty much how we are


generating the content for the website.


Now, obviously, we proofread it, we


check it, we have a checklist to make


sure everything is working properly. But


essentially, that's how easy it is to


create content that actually ranks. And


all you need to do is find the keywords.


Now, how do you find the keywords? Well,


we're going after like trending stuff,


right? So, we're going after stuff that


is is pretty much brand new. Like


notebook alm. It literally just got


released like last year. All these


updates that are coming out are like


brand brand new, right? Literally within


24 hours we talk about an update, right?


And so what you can do, I tend to find


this actually works better than HS is


you can go into Google here and you can


just go in the autosuggest. And the


reason that I recommend finding keywords


from auto suggest is that you won't find


the search volume or you won't find the


accurate level of search volume for


these keywords if you just go into


hrefs, right? And so it's much better to


go into autosuggest. And also the cool


thing about that is when your team are


doing research, you don't need to pay


for any tools, right? It's it's free to


do the keyword research and that sort of


thing. Um, so yeah, it's pretty simple


and easy. Now Jason says, can you use


Gemini as a subscription for that as a


fine subscription to all these AI? Yeah,


I mean I mean honestly like if I had a


choice between subscribing to Gemini and


Claude, I'd probably go with Claude to


be honest because I think the content is


way way better. But if you took the


exact same prompt like you can see here


and then you went into Gemini, the


content won't feel as humanized and


sentient, but you can still use the same


prompt and go into Gemini and you know,


as long as you're not like, you know, an


absolute perfectionist with your


content, you can still generate content


that actually ranks using this method,


right? Um so yeah, it works really well.


and inspired. Michelle says, "What is


this GEO? Is that just a new word for


SEO?" Yeah, I mean that's basically the


same thing, right? So GEO is just a form


of like ranking inside AI. But you know


AI,


nothing has really changed about SEO,


right? So for example, if you have a


look here and we went into Publexity and


we were like, okay, notebook LM make


money, something like that, right?


um and you were looking inside there. I


can actually see that my website here,


here, here, here, here, um where else?


And here are all ranking inside


perplexity as well, right? And so I know


like for this keyword for example, like


I can rank my content inside there like


eight times, right? And I actually find


it's easier now to create more content


across more platforms, which gives you


more opportunities to rank inside AI


search engines as well as Google, right?


And that's just what we're doing. That's


you can see our page is ranking right


there. No one else will show you this


stuff by the way. No, everyone is too


scared to show you stuff like this


because they're scared of like, you


know, getting clapped or whatever. But I


just want to share this stuff with you.


And you can see here, for example, we've


got a LinkedIn page ranking right there.


We've got a website ranking inside


Perplexity. We've got another website, a


different website ranking inside


Perplexity. How are we doing it? We're


just doing exactly what I showed you,


right? Um Ashton says, "Tip the morning,


bro. Loving the content. Thank you very


much. to wake up and provide free


guidance. Always happy to help. It is a


pleasure, Ashton. Thanks for joining


again. But yeah, this is basically how


it goes. So, if you want to use Gemini,


you can see here that you can generate


the content with Gemini as well.


Honestly, it's not bad, right? Like,


it's not that bad. It's it's going to be


better than chat. Um, anyway, and you


can see here, for example, it's it's


created this content and the content


feels fairly humanized, right? You would


just edit it before you publish it, but


if you don't want to use Claude, then


you can use Gemini, no issue, right? No


problem at all. Um, and so that's


basically how we're getting results with


this. So the other thing that I'm going


to say is like, you know, some people


say all the good keywords are taken,


right? But the new belief really is like


keywords appear every single day. New


keywords appear every single day. Think


about this, right? AI didn't exist as a


mainstream topic three years ago. Now


there are millions of searches around


it. New industries pop up. New problems


emerge. New solutions get created. So


every single day there are fresh


keywords with zero competition because


nobody has written them about right um


no one has written about them yet and so


you can use claude or you can use Google


for this and it's like having a scout


that never sleeps right other people say


well link building is spammy and risky


really the new belief here the


empowering belief is like strategic


outreach builds real relationships and


real rankings right so bad link building


is spammy good link building is just


networking think about this right when I


speak at events like uh Vietnam SEO


mastery I did Chang my SEO. I meet


people. We exchange ideas. Sometimes we


collaborate. That is link building


except you do it online, right? So you


reach out to real websites. You offer


real value. They link to you because it


helps their readers. No spam, no tricks,


no risk, right? And so my team of 50


people or the agency does this every


single day. And we've we've never had a


penalty, right? This is the methods we


use. So I've shown you exactly how to


implement this. Um I've talked about the


keywords, content, and backlink strategy


that we've used. And I want to give you


a 30-day plan for actually implementing


it. This is exactly what to do from day


one to day 30 to start getting results.


And I've shown you all the proof that


this actually works. You know, ranking


inside Perplexity and also ranking


inside Google like what, multiple times,


sometimes 10 times on the first page of


Google for the same keyword. And so,


we've got a 30-day plan here that you


can actually copy and steal from me if


you'd like to. And this is exactly how


we get results like you can see, right?


And so, just to recap, what have we


done? We've given you all the resources,


right, for using this. I've shown you


proof that actually works. As you can


see right here, we have talked you


through the Goldie AI SEO accelerator


framework, right? So, core AI for


content creation, low competition


keyword research, and strategic link


building. Um, I've walked through some


of the beliefs that might be holding you


back from getting results with SEO


because sometimes it's not a skill set


problem, it's a belief problem, right?


And sometimes when you make those skill


uh those belief changes, your skill set


suddenly changes as well, right? And


then I've also given you a 30-day AI


accelerator plan so you can get results


with this stuff. And these have prompts


that you can implement every single day


for every day to get results with this


stuff. All right. Now, the final thing


that I want to say as well is that we've


actually created a list of 100 AI SEO


prompts that you can get for pretty much


every element of AI. Right. Um,


inspired. Michelle says, "Is it just


worth it to use Gemini or Claude and do


it myself?" Yeah. So, I would recommend


that you actually use Claude if you can.


Right. Claude is by far the best. It


creates better content than I can write


to put it in perspective and I've been


doing copyrightiting for about 10 years.


So, I would definitely recommend going


with Claude if you can, right? If you


want to use Gemini, that is totally


fine. Um, and Jason says, "I find that


when I'm subscribing to something like


you have, it becomes overwhelming as


there's many videos you seem to get


dragged all over the place. How do I


resolve that?" So, if you're in the AR


profit boardroom, there's two ways you


can resolve that. Number one, inside the


AI profit boardroom here, we actually


have a focus protocol, right? So, if you


go to the start here post inside the AI


profit boardroom, this is designed to


remove overwhelm. So, for example, you


can see here we have the feeling


overwhelmed section inside the AI profit


boardroom. This is my AI automation


community and you follow this and you


will never worry about overwhelm again.


Right? So if you feel overwhelmed, if


you want to cut out the noise, if you


want something the step by step with a


sixeek course, use the link above. It's


a drip fe fed week by week so you don't


get overwhelmed, right? And this way


everything is actionable. Okay? And if


you're still overwhelmed, use the Julian


Goldie Ultimate Focus manual. And this


manual will help you just avoid


overwhelm and avoid all the problems


that come with AI. And then the other


thing that we do to just cut out the


noise and help you save time is that we


have weekly updates inside the air


profit boarding and all you need to do


is check that once a week. Like you can


turn off all your notifications. You


don't need to check YouTube. You don't


need to check check Twitter. Just check


out the weekly updates inside the AR


profitable. And that's two ways that you


can cut out overwhelm. So just to be


clear here and we've actually got a link


right here inside the air profitable to


the focus manual if you're feeling


overwhelmed, right? um because it's


something that everyone in AI feels. So


yeah, hope that helps Jason. So thanks


so much for watching. I've given you


access to all the frameworks from today


inside the AI success lab link in the


comments description. This connects you


with 42,700


people. As you can see, if you go to the


classroom here and then you go to the AI


SEO section, you can get all the video


notes from today. And then additionally,


you get all the links, you get the full


guide on the framework, you get 100


prompts, all the limiting beliefs to


break through, and then also a 30-day


plan for really implementing that. So,


yeah, feel free to get that. Michelle


and Jason, I hope that you're in the AR


profit boardroom and that you've used


the focus manual. If you haven't, check


it out. If you can't find it, DM me. And


then just turn off all your


notifications. Don't check YouTube.


Don't check check Twitter. Don't check


any other social media. and follow the


plan inside the focus protocol and then


just check my weekly updates once a week


and you're good to go. So, thanks so


much for watching. Appreciate as always


and I'll see you on the next one. Cheers


and


Inspire. Michelle says, "Thanks. I'd


wake up for your lives. I learned so


much and don't feel stupid when I ask


questions." Always always happy tell


and uh yeah always happy to help like no


there's no stupid questions like you


know every question is good and then


Wily says see the value of the off well


you know it's It's one of those like,


you know, when you're ready to come,


we're ready for you. So, feel free. Um,


so that's it.


Video


AI SEO is the new way to rank number one


in AI search engines. Not Google not


being AI search engines like Chat GPT,


Plexity, Claude, and AI overviews and


the ones everyone is now using instead


of Google. And here's the crazy part, no


one is talking about this yet. So, you


know, over the next few minutes, I'm


going to show you exactly how I use


YouTube videos to rank inside AI search


results. You can see an example here.


So, we're ranking on the first page of


Google one, two, three times on Google


for that particular keyword. And you can


see how easy it is to to really pull


your videos in and get results with


this. The powerful thing about videos is


they can rank inside Google, but they


can also rank inside AIO views. So, for


example, if we type in notebook LM


update here, it pulls in an AIO view.


And who does it link to? Well, it links


to Google and it also links to my videos


as well, right? So videos are really


powerful for ranking with SEO. You can


also see me ranking once there, once


there as well, and then also on the


first page of Google as well, right? And


so this is a powerful way to start


getting uh ranking really quickly. Okay?


And what I'm going to show you today


um is basically how you can do this


without being on camera, without


spending thousands on video production,


without needing any technical skills.


And I will show you how to automate AI


avatar videos that actually rank. Videos


that show up when someone asks Chat


cheap or Plexi a question about your


niche. And think about this for a


second, right? Billions of searches are


happening every single day, right? On AI


platforms, right? Um, and your video


could be the one that gets recommended


not because you paid for ads, but


because not because you got lucky with


the algorithm, but because you


understood how AI search engines


actually find and recommend content. So,


I'm going to walk you through my exact


system, the free tools, the prompts, the


30-day plan to get your first videos


ranking in AI search, and you will see


everything live on screen, just the


actual process I use so that by the end


of this, you have a complete framework


that you can copy and steal from me.


Whether you run a service business, sell


products, you have an agency, or you


just want more eyeballs on your content,


this works even if you've never made a


video before. Let's get straight into


it. So the method that we're actually


going to be using today is something


called the video AI domination


framework. Okay. And one thing to note


here is like AI search engines, they


don't work like Google, right? They


don't just look at keywords and


backlinks. They understand context,


relevance, authority in a completely


different way. So when someone asks Chat


GPT a question, it pulls from sources it


trusts. Now YouTube is one of those


sources. Perplexi actively searches


YouTube for answers. Let me show you an


example of this. So we go into


perplexity here um and we'll put like


notebook AI updates something like that.


What you can see here is that it


actually sources um updates from


YouTube. Right? So if we look at the


reviewed sources here, you can see that


it's pulled in uh three different videos


from YouTube inside Perplexity. Right?


So if we have a look here, you've got


this video, right? And this is a video


from Julian Goldie SEO as you can see.


So that's my channel right there. If we


go over to this video, you can also see


that's another video from us as well,


ranking inside Plexity, right? And so


we're ranking on Google and we're also


ranking inside perplexity using this


method. And Claude references video


content in its responses, too. So this


is a massive shift. The game has changed


and most people haven't caught on yet.


Now, why does video crush text AI


search? Well, AI systems love video


content for three reasons. Number one,


video has multiple signals. You know,


it's got audio, visual transcripts,


engagement metrics. It has more data


points for AI to understand your


content. Second, video builds trust


faster. So, AI systems recognize that


video creators put more effort in and


that signals authority. Number three,


video gets cited more. So, when AI needs


to recommend a source, video feels more


complete than a blog post, right? And


you know, bear in mind, AI can generate


a blog post at any time. doesn't really


need to reference blog posts, but it


doesn't create like long videos with


interesting case studies, right? And so,


one of the things people going to say


like is I need expensive equipment to


make good videos, but actually AI avatar


videos create professional videos for


free. You know, you can actually go on


to something like notebook and you can


generate videos for free using this


method and then rank them on Google,


which then in turn ranks inside AI


search engines and other places. Right?


So for example, if we have a look here,


we've got the video on the right hand


side. This was actually from a video I


generated before earlier today. Um, this


is actually AI narrated and it's a full


long video like it's like 6 minutes 26,


right? 26 seconds. And you can see the


this runs people through the topic that


we're trying to rank for, right? So how


to watch football like a scout. And so


it creates the design, it narrates a


video, it generates everything, and all


we need to do is pull in the sources


that we want to to reference. And then


we can easily download this, as you can


see, and we're good to go. You could


upload that to YouTube. The other method


that you can see is that on our YouTube


channel, for example, if we check out


this YouTube channel, we quite often use


AI avatar videos inside our content.


Right now, how do you do that? Well, we


actually have a full method inside the


AI profit boardroom that shows you


exactly how to do this in the AI avatar


video section. If you go to the


classroom here inside the profit


boardroom, link in the comments


description, go to the playbook and then


scroll down to the AI avatar video


section and you can find the SP right


there. Okay, so if you if you want to


learn our process for doing this, you


can check it out inside the AR profit


boardroom. But it's quite easy to


automate videos. Again, you can do it


for free with notebook. I've already


shown you how to do that and so you can


create professional videos for free, you


know. Um, so it's a really powerful way.


Now, some people say YouTube is too


competitive to start right now. Well, AI


search is a new platform with almost


zero competition. You know, when I


started out in SEO, everyone said Google


was too competitive, too many websites,


too many established players. I ignored


them, built an agency, helped my mom


retire, and now I reach over 100 million


people per year across all platforms.


Right? So, the lesson is competition is


not your problem. Timing is your


opportunity. AI search is where YouTube


was 10 years ago. It's wide open, right?


And waiting for someone to claim the


space. And that someone could be you,


right? Also, some people will say like


video SEO takes months to see results.


But the new belief really is that AI


search can surface your content within


days, right? So, if we go back here and


we look at this content, guess what's


ranking number one for this particular


keyword? What is my video right here?


When was this video created? 4 hours


ago, as you can see right there. Right?


And so this content ranks very very


quickly indeed and that was within 4


hours. So traditional SEO is very slow,


right? And I know this better than


anyone. I run an SEO agency. We tell


clients to expect 90 days minimum. But


AI search is a different game. You know,


complexity updates in real time. Chat


GPT pulls in from recent sources and


your video could get cited within days


of publishing. And this is why I block


like 100 minutes plus per day every day


to focus on the biggest constraint in my


business. And right now that constraint


for most people is not being visible in


AI search. Other people say, "Well, I


need thousands of subscribers to rank,


but AI search cares about content


quality, not subscriber count." So, you


know, I have 300,000 plus subscribers on


YouTube. And here's what I noticed is


like some of my newer videos with fewer


views actually get cited by AI more than


my viral ones, right? And why is that?


It's because AI looks at relevance and


quality, not vanity metrics. So, you


know, a video with 500 views that


perfectly answers a specific question


will beat a video with 500,000 views


that's too broad. And this is great news


for you so you can compete from day one.


All right, so let's talk about a 90-day


framework in terms of how you can


implement this. Well, you want to start


finding questions that people are


looking for. I actually got a prompt to


automate that. Well, the other thing you


can do is you can go into Google and you


can just look through the auto suggests


and see what people are searching around


your niche. Right? So, if I'm in the AI


niche and I'm trying to create content


around notebookm, it'll be very easy to


find like all these different updates


around it. All right. Um, and that's how


you do the keyword research or what you


can do is you can go to chat GPT.


You can plug in a keyword here and then


you can go from there. Um, Wilty says,


"What can the AI money lab help me do


until I'm ready for the AI profit lab?"


Yeah. So, there I mean like inside the


AI success lab, right? If you go here,


what you're going to find is like a


number one, you get a community of


42,000 people that you just connect with


instantly. So, you can post in the


community, ask for help and support. You


also get access to our free AI


automation master classes like you see


on pretty much every single AI


technology out there. And also, if you


check out this section, we update it


daily with the new updates. So,


everything you need to know about AI is


inside this section. We have a full


section on what you can see here, right?


So how to make money with AI and then


also inside the classroom you can see


that we have a full section on AI SEO as


well. So everything you need to succeed


with AI is inside this community and


it's completely free link in the


comments description. So if we go back


to chat sheet now we can say at a market


researcher right um put your niche in


there. So we're going to put in for


example our SEO and then we can start


publishing this and just getting some


keywords right. Wilty says looks like


great content. Thanks very much. And


then you can see it asks uh a bunch of


it's it finds a bunch of keywords you


could potentially rank for that are


super specific. I would almost say


they're too longtail but if you want to


start somewhere you can start there. All


right. And then it if you want to


generate the videos well you can use hey


genen or you can use notebook LM for


ranking and you just make sure on the


content itself you know for example if


we have a look at Julian Goldie agency


that you include the keywords inside the


content right so you can see here


keyword right there right frontloaded


inside the title keyword right there


boom here we go right if we actually


type that keyword on Google let's have a


look here so how to do this we'll see


whether it ranks


Um and let's see what we got here.


So yeah, you can see that my LinkedIn


article is ranking for that keyword um


on the first page of Google along with


that page as well, right? And so like


and bear in mind like these pages are


created from the video content itself.


So if we have a look at this page, you


can see our video is embedded on the


page. So it's pretty easy to create the


content and then just rank it either


with your blog or with your video as


well. That's the other cool thing is


like you can create blogs from the


videos and then rank those as well. So


that's basically it. That's the whole


process of doing this, how to implement


it. I've talked about the 30-day


framework. Um, and you know the old way


versus the new way. The old way was like


spent thousands of camera equipment and


lighting. The new way is you can use


free AI avatar videos to create


professional videos instantly. The old


way was you need to look good on camera


and be comfortable speaking. The new way


is AI avatars handle the delivery. You


just write the script. The old way was


like hours of editing and


post-production. The new way is


generating videos um that come ready to


upload. And then when it comes to


ranking inside Google or other AI search


engines, right? Well, the old way was


like waiting like 6 to 12 months for


Google to rank your content. The new way


is like AI search can surface your video


within days as I've shown you today.


Right? The old way was competing against


millions of websites for keywords. The


new way AI search is almost zero


competition right now. The old way was


needing expensive backlinks to rank. The


new way is AI search values content


quality and link metrics. The old way


was fighting algorithm changes to tank


your websites overnight. And the new way


is like AI searches uh focus on


relevance, not gaming the system. So you


got all the strategies, all the


processes, all the systems from today,


the 30-day plan and how to implement


this yourself. If you want us to do SEO


for you, um we actually have an offer of


a free SEO strategy session. So you can


book in a free SEO strategy session link


in the comments description. Or if you


don't even want to jump on a call, you


just want to order straight away and get


SEO services for your website, you can


order via the backlink portal as you can


see right here. Just order instantly


online. Also, if you want to get all the


video notes from today is inside the AI


success lab. This is completely free and


it shows you exactly how to do AI SEO


for your website. As you can see, breaks


down all the best ways to use AI um


including the video notes from today. So


feel free to get that link in the


comments and description.


And thanks for watching. I will see you


on the next one. Cheers. Bye-bye.