So, Don, you had a big breakthrough in


your SEO agency recently. Where did you


start and where are you up to now? Yeah,


so I mean I it was pretty easy. I


started I started at


zero and yeah, I mean like most folks,


right? I started, you know, with with


absolutely nothing and had to keep


thinking about, you know, h how do you


find how do you find clients, you know,


and I felt like, you know, I was


scraping quite a few clients together


here and there throughout my time. And


then I mean to to be totally transparent


with you, I mean joining the SEO elite


circle was something that that


absolutely helped my business because I


felt like the one thing that you kept


saying throughout all of the video


lessons along with our live


sessions was that you have to focus. you


have to to really find people that are


ready more or less for SEO. Um because I


mean I I would say that before then I


was spending most of my time you trying


to to work cold leads which is a very


tough totally different game. And by,


you know, working through some of the


things that are in the the lessons that


you have, I was able to really focus in


on, okay, so who really has the dollars


to spend a marketing budget of some sort


and then also, you know, how do they,


you know, also come to a point where


they're ready, you know, more or less


for for our services. So, so yeah, it


really helped me. That's amazing, man.


I'm so happy for you.


Thanks. I mean, you know, honestly, I it


it really helps to have somebody


experienced that's already, you know,


been there, you know, like yourself and


and others in the group, right? I mean,


we had certainly had other very


experienced people um in our group as


well that were able to, you know, just


get me thinking about other ways that we


could find find leads. So, yeah. What


did you how did you get your first few


clients? like what technique did you


decide to stick to? Yeah, so I certainly


tried your your method of looking on


page two. I mean that was kind of you


know one of the one of the methods that


I started with was you know okay so look


on page two for people you know that


might be near page one of Google you


know for a particular topic and then


sort of you know work my way you know


through there and you know I certainly


started there by finding clients though


and having those solid clients people


started referring and so that for me the


referral pipeline has been the real


accelerator for our agency because I


mean essentially every week we've got


you know four or five clients that four


or five potential clients that we're


talking to about you know joining us


right and so you know that's that part's


amazing but you know that pipeline takes


a long time to sort of work through as


well it's not like you know you meet


with them today and then tomorrow


they're a client you know it takes some


time to sort of work through that as


well throughout time yeah the other


thing I say is like that's when you know


you're doing a good job when clients


start referring you like that's a really


good sign that you've nailed it in terms


of operations. How's that been in terms


of not just landing the clients and


scaling that but also scaling the


delivery of SEO which sometimes it can


be a bit technical right?


Yeah. So, I mean, I would say that I


learned a lot, right? So, what's what


made me maybe if I just back up a little


bit, m what made me start our agency was


this idea that I spent a lot of money. I


probably spent close to $100,000 in SEO


services myself. So, I got a little


frustrated with that because I was like,


okay, so I mean, there should be data


here around everything everybody does.


And whenever people would people would


show up on calls with me, I would say,


"Okay, so show me what you've done, but


also show me the data around it." And


they would show me, you know, a couple


graphs or trending upwards or whatever.


But we would sort of go really indepth


in terms of what they did find or didn't


find because as I spent more and more


money, I learned more, I would say. And


um I just kept thinking there's got to


be a better way to do this overall. And


so we started using this approach


of you know really


datadriven basis behind everything that


we do. So we start with a topical map.


We sort of work our way through with


clients in terms of what it is that they


want to rank for how tough or easy that


might be because oftentimes you know


they want you know hey I want page one


in Google. My website's about 30 days


old and you know I've got a really tough


keyword. And the reality is the only way


to get even close is to buy ads. And so,


you know, we we sort of pivot then and


start talking to them about is that what


they want to do. Do they want to go buy


ads versus spend dollars on SEO? And


we're able to do that. But, you know, we


also have to work through all the same


basics that everybody does. You know,


the techn technical SEO, onpage SEO,


work back through keywords and what it


is they want to rank for. And then


lastly, establishing those backlinks,


which we all know is a pretty tough


game. And so, yeah, I I I I overall, you


know, walking through that journey with


our clients has helped us, you know,


really establish that capability as


well. Yeah. One thing that my journey as


an agency has definitely taught me, and


I think this is something you touched on


as well, is like you don't have to know


all the answers from day one. is like


such a journey of growth both personally


and with business that you can learn


along the way and like I think that's


really where the growth comes from,


right? It's like I don't know how to


sell. Well, I'll just figure that out


and I'll jump on calls with clients and


I'll get better and better at it. And


the same with like hiring or or


advertising or anything, right? Yeah,


absolutely. And and I feel like the


Julian Goldie, Matt Diggity, you know,


all of the all of the you know, your


videos have helped as well because, you


know, you constantly put out a video


that says SEO is dead, right?


So, you know, we all kind of, you know,


go, okay, well, what will this video be


about? And it's, you know, normally


about, you know, the next the next model


or the next pivot that we might all


take. And I feel like that's that's


really, you know, sort of the basis of


SEO is that you got to continue to learn


throughout time. Yeah, that's it. I


think if anyone's watching this and


they're like, I'm not ready to start an


agency or I don't have enough skills.


It's like you can build those as you go


along. Like you don't have to go full


gung home mode as soon as you start,


right? You don't need to know all the


answers. Yeah. And I mean the reality is


having more and more clients which


provides you more experience, right? you


learn more and so those those different


things sort of help you establish that


basis too. 100%. The other thing that


I've seen a lot of people being limited


by, but I never saw that with you when


you know you've been in the SEO elite is


like a lot of people feel like it's too


competitive. Well, there's too many


agencies out there to compete with.


Actually, that's not true at all. Right.


No. And and it kind of


frustrates me is there are a million


people that are out there that are


taking people's money that that provide


zero value. And that part it it's


frustrating for me because it's like,


you know, look, if I if I truly felt


like month after month that I was taking


somebody's money and I'm not sort of


progressing them along, then the reality


is I wouldn't I wouldn't have a real


passion around doing this. And that's


where I think the the clients


themselves, you know, start to look at


this and they go, "Man, every dollar


that I'm spending actually is of great


value to us." And, you know, we want to


keep keep going and so do I. I mean, I'm


absolutely passionate about about that


part of it. But think about all the


website companies that are out there


that do zero SEO as well. So they make


the most beautiful website in the world,


great graphics and you know great


landing page, great hero image, those


sort of things, you know, right on the


first page and then zero SEO behind it.


And so the the the website won't rank.


And I keep telling people my analogy to


that is it's like having a business card


and sticking it in your pocket and


wondering why you can't get business,


right? And so, you know, we try and


figure out how do we how do we get that


business card out there so that people


can see it and then know what you do,


what value pro you provide, and and that


helps a lot of our clients, you know,


really move forward, too.


Yeah. The other thing I wonder as well


is like when you're a smaller agency,


let's say you're just getting started


with your first five or 10 clients and


you know, you you're at the point where


you have that relationship with your


clients directly. And I think that is


such a USP that other big SEO agencies


people might be worried about competing


with actually they can't compete with


you because the CEO of the hot or


someone like that can't have a personal


relationship with all their clients like


you can. Well, it was one of the things


that one of my early clients had said to


me was, "Wait a minute. So, you don't


turn me over to an account manager." And


I said, "No, I mean, really, whenever


you're working with me, you are working


with me. I have we have other clients


that are have established a relationship


with somebody else on my team, and that


person is their person." But the reality


is, you know, if you're working with me,


you will stay with me throughout the the


time that you're with my agency. Now, at


what point I, you know, it'll get to be


where I can't do that anymore. I don't


know. But we make sure that everybody on


the team more or less functions the same


exact way, right? We we sort of walk


everybody through the same exact SOP


whenever we're on boarding them. We walk


them through every single technique as


we go through as well.


Yeah. And another thing that I found


along the journey of building the agency


is like the more friends or the more


people I know, especially in communities


that are doing the same things, the


easier that journey gets. I think some


people like, "No, no, I'm just going to


do it myself and figure it out myself."


And then you see them a year or two


years later and they haven't progressed,


right? Like how have you found, for


example, jumping on the live calls with


everyone else? Has that been helpful?


For me, it's it it was phenomenal


because, you know, I had not just you,


but also other people, other agency


owners who, you know, we're were


somewhere in that same journey trying to


figure it out, right? And maybe we don't


all have the answers, but at the same


time, whenever you have a room full of


ideas, why not go try a bunch of those


different ideas, right? And and for me


that was the the greatest thing and the


greatest value was just you know having


that overall collective along with you


know certainly your experience you know


too being able to to leverage that live


you know was great for progressing my


learning and you know you have basic


questions that oftentimes prevent you


from being able to to answer even the


the most basic next step. And so, you


know, you and I would would talk about


things like, "No, Don, you really need


to


focus." And so, so, yeah, I mean, I felt


like I felt like there were some real


honest moments in the in the learning


for me as well. Yeah, me too. Me too. I


mean, I learned as well jumping on those


calls myself. I think it's a great place


to share what's working and what's not


working. So, what's next for your agency


then? What's your plan? Yeah. So I mean


it's interesting to me because the the


more that I continue to think about the


evolution the of the agency itself we


will get into more elements of digital


PR. I mean if you think about you know


establishing backlinks and things like


that yes it's important but also I feel


like there's there's things around


digital PR that we can do a little bit


better as well. And so as we continue to


evolve that's kind of where we're going


next. I've got meetings, you know,


already this week around that as well,


you know, to try and continue to, you


know, just evolve and learn just because


I think at the end of the day whenever


clients need good backlinks, it might be


great to have, you know, a lot of


established relationships with reporters


and other things which get you back


links at the end of the day as well. So,


yeah, 100% man. All right. What's the


best way to contact you if you know


someone is watching this, they want some


PR for example? Yeah, so if you go to


d3digitalia.com, the short web address


for that is


d3dm.com. So both will take you to the


same website and uh that that's probably


the best way. You can also find me on


LinkedIn. I'm almost everywhere as don


Davis PhD MBA. So if you look for those


things, you'll find me. Awesome. One


final question I wanted to ask actually


and I think a lot of SEOs watching this


are hesitant to do client work because


they're worried that it's too stressful


dealing with clients. What's your take


on that? Well, I have one client right


now who is extremely challenging on a


almost daily basis in terms of, you


know, what it is that we're doing. But I


also I was talking to my wife about this


over the weekend. I feel like that


additional challenge is something that


will continue to evolve us as well. So


that I mean one it'll sort of show us


you know what kinds of clients that we


want to work with in the future and sort


of what are those boundaries of of you


know what they should expect as well so


that they you clearly understand that


SEO is not a a oneanddone you know kind


of game. It's also not something that's


done overnight and it is somewhat


stressful. I won't I you won't deny


that. But at the same time, what you'll


find is that you mature, the client


matures, and at the end of the day, I I


don't think it's any more stressful than


anything else that you could do. Yeah,


100%. I agree with that. I think you


have to set clear boundaries, but that's


you learn that's something else you


learn along the journey, you know. So,


yeah, I appreciate you being on, man.


Thanks a lot. Thanks for having me.


Thank you. So, thanks so much for


watching. If you want to join me and Don


inside the SEO elite circle which comes


with an amazing community of 200 SEOs


along with loads of my best courses as


you can see right here on SEO running an


agency and YouTube SEO along with a lot


more plus weekly calls with me. Feel


free to check that out. Links in the


comments in description. It's available


for a 72% discount right now. And if you


want to get a free one-to-one SEO


strategy session where we can show you


how we take websites from zero to


145,000 visitors a month and generate


thousands of dollars in sales, feel free


to book that in. You'll get on this call


a free SEO domination plan. Discover the


secrets of link building. We'll answer


any questions you have. You'll learn the


best link building strategies for your


website, plus how to outrank your


competitors with link building and how


to 10x your SEO traffic based on what's


working for us. Appreciate you watching.


Cheers.