Today I'm going to show you how to do


parasite AI SEO on Reddit. This is one


of the strategies we use. You can see


for example our subreddit here actually


gets 70,000 views per month by creating


content. This is not like spammy


content. It's actually like content


people enjoy reading. You see here for


example people commenting on it. We


publish a lot of content. We got 3,800


members. We only started this a few


months ago. this subreddit. I actually


thought it was too late and wouldn't


work and then it began to take off. And


now we basically just publish our videos


like you can see inside the channel


here. And we also publish a lot of


articles as well. So I'm going to show


you how the process works and what we do


and how to do it step by step and how to


replicate this yourself in case you're


interested in getting traffic. And the


great thing about Reddit is it is free


to use, right? You don't have to pay to


use Reddit. Anyone can post on there.


Anyone can start up the subreddit. And


what I've actually done is for the


resources for this live stream, I've


actually created a list of stuff that


you can use to help you to generate


this. And the main thing to note here is


like Reddit SEO is really powerful


because Google made a deal with Reddit.


And now Reddit can rank really quickly


on page one of Google and also AI search


engines within 24 hours. Like not weeks,


not months, but hours. And I'll show you


an example, right? So for example, if we


go over to perplexity here, as you can


see, and we'll just put something like


no book AI, LM SEO, right? Something


like that, right? What you can see is it


will actually source different sources


around the web and it will pull in, for


example, like LinkedIn or for example


YouTube and that sort of thing, right?


And basically what you can do is you can


actually rank this content not just


inside Reddit as you can see, but also


inside AI search engines. So people


searching via, right? So if you have a


look at for example this keyword you can


see that my Reddit article from the


subreddit is actually ranking inside


perplexity directly and it's got links


to all my funnels right at the top to


convert that traffic right and you can


see another example here so this is the


traffic for this website we're using the


same technique but on the website and it


works so even if you don't want to do it


directly on Reddit no problem you can


actually do it on a website like you can


see here and the other thing you want to


see here is like we're actually


embedding a YouTube video at the top we


don't just rank directly inside Google


we don't just rank inside perlexi in AI


search engines, but we also rank


directly on YouTube as well as you're


5xing your traffic at this point. And


you see it's neatly formatted. The


content reads really nicely. This


article itself actually got 2,500 views


directly on the platform as you can see


right there. So if we zoom in on that,


there we go. All right. And then if we


go on see more insights as well, you can


see how it's performing. So 2,500 views,


a decent amount of those from the United


States, bunch of up votes, etc. Six


shares. Six people shared this content


and it's pretty simple and easy. You can


actually see where it shared as well,


which is interesting, too. So, I


actually never look at those analytics,


but I should pay more attention. The


other cool thing here as well is we


created that 3 months ago, but it's


still ranking inside Perplexi, right?


So, that's a great thing about this is


when you're doing this, like you're


creating content now, but it ranks this


week inside Reddit. It could rank in 3


months time inside AI search engines,


and its reach just expands. You never


get less views on a piece of content of


course, right? It only increase it. And


so you're creating these assets that can


generate more traffic, more leads, more


sales over the long term. So that's


basically how it works. And so let me


break down exactly how it go. We've


published over 300 posts. We get like


thousands and thousands of visitors and


we use AI free tools and you can


automate this. And the great thing about


this is you don't need to be technical.


You don't need a website. You don't need


any visitors. And Google is literally


just giving Reddit posts page one


rankings right now. It's absolutely


insane. In fact, Reddit threads appear


in 82% of Google searches on page one. I


think most people don't realize that,


but just read that again. Reddit threads


appear in 82% of Google searches on page


one. That is insane. And most people


have no idea this is happening. So, let


me show you the system of how this


works, right? And this is called the


Goldie Reddit Parasite Engine. It's my


personal framework for turning Reddit


into a 3D generation machine. Reddit


parasite engine. The difference between


Reddit and why you should do it now is


like Google signed a deal with Reddit.


Actually, Chat GPT as well have


leveraged this too. And so, Google gets


access to Reddit's content to join its


AI models. So, Reddit gets boosted in


the search results. And the result is


Reddit actually saw a 27% increase in


ranking keywords. They added 110 million


new keywords to their arsenal. And


Reddit adds a domain rating, domain


authority of 91. That's higher than


Fortune 500 websites. Right? So, when


you post on Reddit, you borrowing their


authority. Your post can rank faster


than a brand new website ever could.


I've tested myself and I've shown you


the proof already. This works, right?


That's basically how it goes. I've given


you a bunch of prompts here for example,


but what you can actually do is you


could use claw to actually generate


names for your subreddit. But the the


first place to start is to really go to


subreddits and create a new subreddit


like you can see here. Right? So for


example, we created the AI SEO insider


and that is a subreddit where we post


all of our content. Right now from there


you want to pick a niche specific name.


So for example, we've used AI SEO


insider. If you're in the e-commerce


niche, you might use e-commerce growth


hacks. If you were in the local business


niche, you might use like local business


AI, right? And you can actually use this


prompt on Claude to come up with a bunch


of names. From there, you want to start


using the content engine. Now, you can


use something like Claude. I would


actually recommend Claude for creating


content. And all you would do, right, is


you would plug in like a social media


post or video transcript, etc. into


Claude, as you can see, and you just


paste the content in right there. So, as


an example of that, if I go over to


YouTube here, and if I open this up,


this YouTube video, and then we'll pull


in the transcript from the page. All


right. And then we'll take that. We go


back to Reddit, paste in the content,


and see pasted content attached. We've


taken the YouTube transcript. And now,


what we're actually going to do is get


this to turn it into content for our


subreddit. You would actually customize


your subreddit right here. But you can


see how you can easily generate using


that video transcript an article based


on that content. And because we're using


our own content to generate the article,


we're actually uses that first-person


perspective, right? Because it's all


trained on our case study data and


everything else. And there you can see


the article right there. Right? And


that's basically how it works. That's


what we do. We rinse and repeat it.


Sometimes we just post YouTube,


sometimes we post full articles, etc.


But it is responsible for generating a


large amount of traffic. We actually


measured how many clicks we get from


Reddit as well. And it is a decent


percentage as well. And the other cool


thing is like it actually compounds over


time, right? So, if you actually look at


our traffic month on month, January, we


didn't get anything. That's when we


started. February, we barely got


anything. It's a slow burner, right? It


took a long time to start getting


traction, but it compounds over time.


And now you can see we're up to the


point where we're just getting 70,000


views per month on this platform, and it


works really well. We're about over a


quarter million views this year, 3,800


members, etc. Right? So, if we have a


look at the past 30 days, 70,000 views


on that content, which is insane. That


is insane considering this is free. And


so with a combination of your website,


Reddit, you can use LinkedIn, etc. It's


quite easy to start generating a lot of


content and then also ranking it. And as


long as you quality control it before


you publish it, you're good to go. So,


if you want all the video notes from


today, you can get that, including some


example prompts and everything else.


I've actually given you a 30-day plan to


really follow this step by step. The


main thing to note here is you're not


spamming, you're not creating spammy


content, you're creating quality


content, checking it before you publish


it and then you can publish this and


rank it across your own subreddit and


then generate an asset that actually


pulls in leads, pulls in new members,


etc. Right? And also giving you some


ideas of like builds you could actually


build. For example, like you could


actually get uh Claude to create like a


visual dashboard of everything that


you're doing today along with a Claude


Reddit response bot, right? For example,


you could actually create something that


monitors your subreddit, or you could


just paste in the responses on the


subreddit and get it to automatically


answer community questions and that sort


of thing. All right. The old way of


getting traffic was like you would build


a website from scratch, wait 12 months


for Google to trust you, write like a


100 blog posts manually, build backlinks


one by one, compete against massive


sites, pay for ads to get any attention,


hire writers or spend hours creating


content, and then hope Google doesn't


penalize you. That was the old way of


getting traffic, right? The new way with


this Reddit method is that you can


create a subreddit in 60 seconds. You


borrow Reddit's authority, which is


insanely high. You let Claude write all


your content. You automate the posting


with free tools. You rank within hours,


not months. Zero ad spend required. No


technical skills needed. And Google is


literally pushing Reddit content to page


one. 82% of all searches have a Reddit


thread on the first page, right? And so,


this isn't about working harder. It's


about working smarter and just using


tools that exist right now that most


people don't know about. I think that's


the game in 2026 and the winners will


use AI and the losers will do everything


manually. So the question is which one


are you? Now let me break some limiting


beliefs that might be holding you back


because I know what you're thinking.


You're probably thinking I need to get a


good writer to create content. Here's


the thing, right? So if you look at for


example like Richard Branson, he's


dyslexic. He can't write, right? But


he's built a billion dollar empire. And


how has he done that? He surrounds


himself with people and tools that do


what he can't. And Claude actually


writes better than most humans. He


writes in your voice. He writes on any


topic. It never gets writer's block. You


don't need to be a good writer


essentially, right? You just need to be


a good editor. Read what Claude creates.


Fix what needs fixing. Publish it. Boom.


You're done. And so, the new empowering


belief with SEO is really I'm the


creative director and AI is my writing


team. Other people say SEO takes too


long. I don't have the patience for it.


And I get it. Traditional SEO might take


6 to 12 months. And that's brutal. But


Reddit parasite SEO is pretty different.


So, I've ranked keywords in 24 hours,


not 24 months. And why is that? Is


because you're borrowing Reddit's


authority. Google already trusts Reddit.


So when you post, Google trusts you


instantly. And this is the shortcut.


This is a hack. This is what everyone's


been waiting for. So the new empowering


belief really is like I can rank fast by


borrowing authority from platforms


Google already trusts. And finally, like


people say Reddit is for nerd. Reddit is


for memes, etc. It won't work for my


business. Reddit actually has over 108


million daily active users, right? Two


billion monthly visits. There's a


subreddit for literally everything,


right? real estate, B2B software,


fitness coaching, digital marketing,


whatever you do, right? Your customers


are probably on Reddit right now asking


questions, looking for solutions. So,


you just need to be there. And bear in


mind, you don't just get the traffic


from Google and AI search engines. We


also get the traffic directly from


Reddit's platform, which is very


powerful, too. The new empowering belief


really is like my ideal customers are


already on Reddit. I just need to show


up and help them. Okay, so that's


basically how it works. I've given you


the 30-day plan, all the prompts, case


studies showing and proving that it


works. And you can see all the


strategies we've talked about today.


Clint says, "Happy new year, brother.


Thanks for the videos. Happy D. Great to


see you and happy new year." And


essentially that's how we get so much


views in just 30 days using Reddit AI


SEO. It's very powerful. Most people are


not leveraging it properly. We're


creating really good content. I myself


and my team spend a lot of time creating


this content, but with AI, we can really


scale it and we can really get good


results and that's what we're working


towards. So, thanks so much for


watching. If you want to get all the


video notes from today, the prompts, the


resources, the links, the 30-day plan,


etc., it's all inside the AI success


lab. So, feel free to get that as a


community with 42,400


members. As you can see, it's completely


free. You can see it's quite an active


community as well. And then also inside


the classroom here, if you go to the AI


SEO section, as you can see, then you


can check out the full guide from today,


plus all of our best SEO trainings on


how to get results with SEO. So, if


you're struggling with it, feel free to


get it. That's completely free. If you


want to get a free SEO strategy session,


link in the comments description. This


will show you how we take websites from


like zero to 145,000 visitors per month.


And also, it gives you a free link


building acceleration session with a SEO


domination plan. You'll discover the


secrets SEO link building and we'll


answer any questions you have on the


call. And then finally, if you just want


to order SEO directly online, you know,


you don't want to mess around with a


consultation call, etc., and you want to


become a client of ours, you can


actually order SEO online using the


backlink portal link in the comments in


the description. And basically between


these options, you can just order online


and get the package you want. And you


also skip the setup fee. So feel free to


get that link in the comments


description. I appreciate you watching


and I'll see you on the next one.


Cheers. Stop.