Today I'm going to show you how to do AI


SEO in 2026.


This is based on what's working for me.


So I'm just going to share the tactics


that's working for me right now. You can


see, for example, this website is at


like zero or three clicks a day. And


it's gone all the way up to 176 clicks


per day. And this is free traffic from


Google, let alone all the other traffic


that it gets from other AI search


engines by ranking. This is for Julian


Goldie.com, which is my agency's


website. And so what we're going to kick


it off with is this AI agent called um


GLM 4.7. And GLM 4.7 basically is like a


Chinese AI agent. You can use it for


free. And that's one of the benefits for


this because you can use it for actually


creating the content, but you can also


generate different tools that will help


you rank your content and also automate


SEO itself. So we're going to get


straight into this. I'm going to show


you some of my best techniques for using


this. Um, and if you've never used GLM


4.7 or if you need a full guide or


anything like that, actually going to


walk you through some of the video notes


we have today. So, what we actually have


is a bunch of resources. This is inside


the AI success lab which comes with all


my best trainings, a community of 42,00


uh 42,400 people. Uh, we also have for


example a complete masterass on how to


do AI SEO and one of the modules that


we're covering today is GLM 4.7. So, you


know, in the next few minutes, you're


going to learn how to set up GLM 4.7,


even if you don't speak Chinese. It is a


Chinese AI, but it's all in English,


don't worry. The exact oneclick


automation that creates SEO content, how


to connect this to your existing


workflows, why this free tool is


outperforming many paid alternatives in


the 30-day plan to get this running


inside your business. All right, so the


concept here is like what most people


get wrong about AICO is that they think


more tools equals better results. And


it's wrong. It's like going to the gym


and using every single machine for 2


minutes each. That would get you


nowhere. So instead, you need one


powerful workflow that does the heavy


lifting. And GLM 4.7 is one of the best


ways to do it. All right. So what I've


actually done, for example, and this is


something I can use for creating content


is I can use a prom like this. And we


can copy and paste this one. Here we go.


And I've actually used it over here. So


all you do is you plug in your keyword


like you can see. You say you are my SEO


content assistant. you know, create a


compelling headline, 1,500word blog


post, include five subheadings, add a


metad description, blah blah blah, and


here's my keyword, right? And what it


actually do is generate this AI SEO


article, as you can see. And it's pretty


simple to do. So, here's headline,


here's a meta description, um, here's


information. Some of it you're going to


cut off obviously like that, right? Um,


but basically, that's basically how it


works. And it's quite simple and easy to


generate that content. It is simple um


to do and you know literally it's just a


one-click sort of automation. Um I would


always recommend editing the content


before you publish it of course. But if


you want tips on that inside the AI


success lab we actually have the


Goldilock zone framework which is a


step-by-step checklist for really just


quality controlling your content before


you publish it. Always do that folks.


All right. So next thing we're going to


test out is creating a lead magnet,


right? Um, and you know, we we'll run


through some of the best prompts to use


this stuff today. So,


for example, what we can actually do is


we can go into um GLM 4.7. Um, we can


plug in this prompt, right? So, I run a


business in and then you just insert


your niche. So, I run a business in the


SEO industry, right? Give me 20 longtail


keyword ideas that beginners would


search for. focus on questions and how


to phrases format as a simple list,


right? And basically what this will do


is automatically generate all the


keyword research for you. And if you


look at the blogs from this particular


website that we're using as a case


study, as you can see, basically the the


way that we're doing this for Julian.com


is if you have a look at the blog here,


we we're using the same sort of


frameworks, right? So for example, here


we're just targeting low competition


keywords. Um, we actually embed the


original video. Then we insert links to


our funnels throughout the page to


generate more traffic and direct it.


Bear in mind, like there's already


pop-ups on this website and there's a


big button that says free SEO strategy


session. So, you know, it's quite quite


often we don't even need to put the


links throughout. Um, and there's a lead


magnet at the top, but that's basically


how we do this. All right. And then if


we go back inside GLM 4.7, you can see


that we have a bunch of longtail


keywords, right? So, how to do keyword


research for free. Well, you could do it


with GLM 4.7, right? Um, and these are


all potential keywords and articles that


we could write in our niche. Now, you


could go deeper than that, but that's


basically how easy it is. And if you


have questions as we go along, like feel


free to ask, but um, yeah, that's that's


another automation. So, just to recap,


we've done the content for the blog


post, and we've actually automated


finding keywords as well. Let's keep


going through this. So, you know,


another thing that we could actually


start doing, let's have a look through


some of these prompts. This is a 30-day


plan that tells you what to implement


day by day if you want to steal this


stuff from me. Um, but for example, we


could actually


take our content, right?


New chat here, and we could say, okay,


review this content and optimize it for


SEO. You paste in your content from the


blog. So, let's say, for example, we'll


take the content from this page.


Copy that. Paste it in. Ask it to check


for like keyword density, readability,


missing sub headlines, opportunities to


add relevant keywords naturally, metad


description improvement, and semantic


SEO as well, right? Related keywords.


So, we're going to hit enter like so.


And that will actually review our


content for us. So, that's another way


to really attack your SEO strategy. And,


you know, bear in mind like GLM 4.7 is


free, right? So, you can use it for


free. Um, you can basically create


content, do keyword research, you can


analyze your existing content to improve


it and use all these different ways to


generate better opportunities for SEO,


right? You can see here it's actually


doing a final polish and it's a thinking


model as well when it's doing this. Now,


one of the other opportunities whilst


it's doing that in the background, um,


actually it's finished it now, so we can


refer it. You can see here it's actually


analyzed like here's the keyword


density, the readability, the structure,


semantic SEO, etc. and it's actually


rewritten the article


with better semantics, better


optimization across the page. Um, I


would actually say the formatting looks


a lot nicer as well and actually the


content itself seems a lot nicer. So


that's one way to do it as well. And


then


you can also, for example, use this for


internal links, FAQ, schema, etc.


Now,


the old way, if we have a look at this,


right? Um the old way was like manually


researching keywords for two hours,


manually writing content, manually


optimizing everything, you know,


manually creating variations and


building the system or or buying


expensive subscriptions and hiring


writers in e constant management and


then hoping the content actually works,


right? That's the old way of doing SEO.


It was quite a time consuming. If you


use something like GLM 4.7 to help you,


then you know GLM 4.7 is going to


research the keywords for you, write the


content, AI optimize it automatically,


create variations on demand if you need


to. So, you know, for example, when


we're posting to my website, we actually


create another variation, and then we'll


post that on Reddit as well, right? And


this subreddit also gets a lot of views.


Actually gets more views than my actual


website, right? So, for example, if we


check out this Reddit here, get like 70


70,000 views per month using this SEO


content and the optimized content,


right? Um, so when we're doing this,


like we can actually repurpose the


content across multiple platforms. And


then, for example, if you're getting


70,000 views per month on Reddit and


then, you know, 200 clicks a day on your


website or whatever, well, then this


adds up, right? And it generates a lot


of traffic to the funnels you actually


want to drive traffic to. And so, you


can automate a big part of the process.


And it's it's really really simple and


easy to do. All right. Um


now some people say like free AI tools


can't compete with paid ones, but I


would say you know the new empowering


belief here is like free tools and now


outperforming paid alternatives on


benchmarks. And this actually shocked


me. All right. So like I literally track


every minute of my day, right? day day


task what it's related to how many


minutes I'm obsessed with efficiency


right um when you actually see GLM 4.7's


benchmark scores it actually beats for


example chat GPT on coding tasks and


when I've tested it out myself you know


here's what I found for SEO content for


automations for basic coding this just


this works just as well as chat GPT


that's like finding the best Muay Thai


gym in Bangkok is free right you'd be


crazy not to train there um the other


thing as well some people say well AI


will make my content sound robotic, but


AI sounds robotic when you give it


robotic prompts, right? This is like


blaming the steak for tasting bad when


you cooked it wrong. Um, you know, and I


love steak. It's my favorite food. So,


the problem isn't the AI, the problem is


the instructions. When I write prompts,


I include the tone, examples of content,


the reading level, the specific


audience, and you know, garbage in,


garbage out. So, great prompts equals


great content out. So, that's basically


how you can use GLM 4.7. The other


thing, the final thing that you could do


is like you could actually create an SEO


dashboard whether that's for you or for


your agency. So if we have a look at


this prompt for example, you can create


these nice little um dashboards kind of


like a SAS a mini SAS tool here that


stores your data and then you can


actually share and export that with


people whether that's in your team or


your clients if you're running an agency


or you know just for yourself as well.


Um there's some other cool stuff as well


like you can build a task list manager


to-do list app sort of builder and then


you can add tasks and track them. So for


example, let's say you needed to


optimize the keywords and then add


content etc. Well you could do that with


GLM 4.7 quite simply. So thanks so much


for watching. If you haven't already


feel free to book in a free SEO strategy


session link in the comments


description. This will show you how we


take websites from zero to 145,000


business month. Um, you can book your


free SEO strategy session. You get a


free SEO domination plan. Discover the


sequence link building. We'll answer any


questions that you want on the call. If


you just want to order SEO directly, you


can actually go on to our backlink


portal link in the comments in


description and you can actually order


SEO online. So, if you want to order SEO


online, we have a bunch of guarantees to


help you here. Um, and we actually have


a flash sale that's still on right now.


And you can just pick which package you


want and then check out and order. And


it's as simple as that, to be honest


with you.


Today, what I'm going to show you is how


to create SEO optimized content that


actually ranks using Claude. And Claude


is one of the most powerful and sentient


ways to write content in 2026. And


they're actually for example really


making it easy to create content that


actually ranks. All right. So you know I


really call Claude the depth engine


because you know chat GPT is like really


good for quick tasks. Gemini is great


for research etc. But Claude Claude goes


deep. It understands context like no


other AI. It remembers what you told it


50 messages ago. It creates content


actually sounds human. And that's why I


built this workflow around it. Okay. So


you can see here for example this


website it went from like what two


clicks a day all the way up to 176


clicks a day and the trajectory of that


website is really nice as you can see.


So the way that we're doing this is


basically we use this prompt to generate


content. So you can see over here if we


take this SEO optimize prompt as you can


see this is actually from the AI profit


boardroom community that I run and if we


plug in our keyword so for example let's


say our keyword is like SEO training


Japan and we've got some context about


who we are what we do etc where we want


to funnel traffic to we've got the links


right there and then we can click enter


like so and that will actually create an


SEO optimized article that's much more


likely to rank okay Domell here. Ready


to learn, my man. Thank you very much


for joining, Don. Appreciate you. Um,


we're going to keep generating this. So,


you can see how it's beginning to create


the content. Now, one of the best things


about Claude, I mean, if we have a look


at that website that's ranking really


well right now, just to analyze, you


know, reverse engineer what's actually


working. If we go to the blog here, you


can see some examples of the content


we've created, right? So, basically, if


we're targeting like the keyword rank


with notebook or notebook SEO, etc.,


What we're going to do is put that


inside the title. And then we have the


introduction, a video that basically


talks about the same topic and is


semantically related. We have links to


our funnels to funnel traffic to it. And


then we have a breakdown throughout the


page of exactly what we're covering,


including some FAQs at the end. Right?


And so you'll see that Claude is


beginning to create this inside


artifacts and it will generate the


content. Now,


we just consistently publish content


around low competition keywords


throughout the page and uh and just, you


know, typically we'll take all of our


videos and then turn them into into


video transcripts, right? So, for


example, if I type in like, I don't


know, notebook SEO onto Google. What


you're going to see here is that my


website ranks, but also a lot of my


videos rank as well. So you can see here


1, two, three, four different videos


ranking on the first page of Google for


that particular keyword. Another video


right there. And then [laughter]


we've got another article right there


that's ranking for this keyword. Right?


And and a bunch of shorts which is


pretty crazy as well. Right? So


basically what I'm showing you here is


like you can dominate the first page of


Google pretty quickly and easily for


that particular keyword just using these


methods. Now one thing I haven't


actually checked for this particular


keyword is whether we are ranking inside


perplexity and other AI search engines.


So let's type in how to do notebook LM


SEO. Now obviously people aren't going


to be typing in that sort of keyword


directly but they will be typing around


stuff like that and and AI search


particularly it goes so deep that it


will find many different um angles to


show you in your content. Right? So if


we have a look at this particular


keyword what you can see is it's


reviewed the sources. Right? And if we


have a look at this one, where's that


source it from? So that is a article


from LinkedIn. We've got an article from


my website julian goldie.co.uk. Inside


there, what else have we got? We have a


YouTube video of mine in the top 10. So


that's one of my videos. And then also,


let's have a look here. Oh, we also have


a Reddit article ranking inside um


inside Claude as well, right? Inside


Plexi, sorry. So you can see how you're


ranking and we are ranking multiple


times for this keyword. We actually show


up number one right there for this


particular keyword. And with a


combination of YouTube videos plus


taking that YouTube content, those


transcripts and then plugging them into


a tool like Claude, it's quite easy to


rank inside these AI search engines. I


think everyone's worried that SEO


doesn't work anymore or it's harder to


get traffic from Google. I think


honestly like if you have the right


strategies, you can rank more times


inside the top 10 rankings. I mean, look


at us ranking right here. We got one,


two,


three, four,


four different Let's have a look at this


one as well. Yeah, we got four different


um four different articles or pieces of


content ranking in the top 10 for that


particular keyword. And then if you have


a look at Google itself, we're ranking


one, two, three, four, five,


let's have a look, six times on the


first page of Google. plus our shorts.


So 10 times on the first page of Google


there. So we got four shorts ranking um


on Google for that keyword, right? And


so like it's just it it's almost getting


easier to do SEO if you know the right


strategies. And that's what I'm showing


you today, right? And so most people use


Claude like a fancy search engine. Ask a


question, get an answer, move on. But


that's like buying a Ferrari and only


driving it to the grocery store. You


know, you're missing 90% of its power.


So the real magic happens when you give


Claude context about your business.


Train it on your voice and style and use


it as a thinking part but not just as a


tool. Right? So what we got here? So for


example, Don says, "I'm getting it. How


will this method work with barber shops


and hair salons?" Absolutely. We


actually have a lot of clients who um


are local businesses and some of them


are hair salons and that sort of thing.


So I want to show you some examples of


how you can do this using your business,


right? Right? And if you have the name


of your business as well, I can even do


it for you and create an article for you


right now just to show you an example.


Um, but in the meantime, I'll just show


you some examples of how you can do the


keyword research. Miguel says, "Can you


help me?" Absolutely. Feel free to post


any questions. Always happy to help. And


then Don, if you want to post, you know,


what your website is as well, I can


actually work on creating some content


for you and showing you the process. In


the meantime, I'll just go off and do


some random keyword research for a


barber. Anyway, right. So if we say for


example barber


um New York right something like that


right relatively medium keyword to rank


for so there is some competition for


that keyword what I would typically do


is just go for keywords that are low


competition like you can see here so for


example like KD10 and below is is


perfect right so if we have a look at


the keywords down here for example what


we got we got best barber New York


that's a pretty easy keyword to rank for


I mean very easy high traffic potential.


Boom. We could go for that, right? So,


how are we going to do that? Well, what


we would do here is we're going to start


a new chat and then we're going to take


that particular prompt that we took


earlier. We're going to go over to


Claude here and we're going to plug in


the keywords. So, for example, if we


found an easy keyword like best barber


New York, we're going to plug that into


the keyword section and then we can


start creating the content. Now, of


course, what you also want to do is just


change this so that you have your actual


website and everything else ready to go


inside here, right? So, what you would


do, for example, I'm I'm going to open


up a new tab and we'll create a sample


like this, but for a barberh shop. So,


I'm going to type this in. I'm going to


say rewrite this as dummy text for a


barbershop in New York. easy make it all


up plus customize to a barberhop


website instead, right? Um, and


basically what I can do is just get some


dummy source context. I can plug into


the prompt and show you the outputs in a


second. So, we'll wait for that to load


and um, you can see here, for example,


okay, Marcus Williams, he owns Blade and


Fade Barershop in Brooklyn, blah blah


blah. Here's the pages he wants to


direct traffic to. Right? So, what we


can do is take that source context like


you can see. We can plug it into this


source context section like so. So,


we're going to say create an SEO


optimized article for this keyword


equals this. Is the source context about


me? Blah blah blah. And then we'll hit


enter, right? And so, we've found the


keyword research that is critical. You


really want to find easy keywords you


can go after. Um, and the easier they


are, the easier it's going to be to


rank. So, you know, if you can find


those KD zeros or those KD5s, etc. on


Adris, you're already winning. That's


actually the first thing we do for


clients as soon as they sign up to our


service is like we make sure they they


get some easy keywords to rank for. And


now you can see we're beginning to


create the content. Um, and it's going


to start creating the content as you can


see. So, we'll wait for that to load.


But you can see how that's just going


off, creating the content, building it


out. Now, if you actually want to have a


look at how we've written this, we said


like making sure it's easy to read,


conversational, UK grammar, FAQs,


headers, etc. Probably would change that


to US grammar. Honestly, first person is


pretty good and then we've done the


rest, right? And now you can begin to


see that it's actually working. It's


actually creating content. So that's


basically how the whole process works.


Now we'll come out to the finalized


output in the end. But that's


essentially how you can do this. And so


what you can also do is you can create a


clawed project and then that's pre-tored


with your writing instructions. So for


example, if you go to the project


section here, we've actually got like a


project for writing tweets, a project


for writing live stream notes, right? We


also got an offer builder. So this helps


me generate new offers for the AR profit


board, my SEO services also, you know,


have all these different ones. Now, the


main point here is like you can easily


create a new project, plug in the prompt


that we were talking about earlier and


then it can create content in your style


that actually ranks every time and you


just plug in the content, right?


[snorts] Um, and bear in mind like your


content is not going to rank every time.


Just to be clear here, it's like, you


know, the more content you create, the


more opportunities you have to rank. So,


for us, like we'll create content every


single day. We know some of it's going


to rank. We know some of it's not going


to rank. We know some of it's going to


rank in six months, maybe 12 months. And


that's okay, right? We're playing the


long game. We want to rank for decades,


not for weeks or days. And and that's


essentially how we're doing this for


this website, right? And bear in mind,


like before we started doing this, you


know, we were getting like three clicks


a day. Now we're getting 176 clicks a


day. And that's growing, right? 176 um


times 30, that is 5,280 traffic per


month for free. If we times that by 12,


well that's 63,000 people that find our


website every year for free directly


from Google, let alone all the AI search


and everything else and all the other


content that we publish as well across


multiple platforms like for example


Reddit. So very powerful strategy and


Claude helps you automate pretty much


all of that. And so thanks so much for


watching. What I've actually done is I


have plugged in the strategy that we've


talked about today. Um, I've actually


created the depth SEO blueprint inside


the free video notes, some example


prompts you can use. I've given you a


30-day plan as well. If we have a look


at Claude here, um, it's generated the


article for the barber shop now. So, if


we have a look at this, let's see what


we got.


There we go. So, we've got the article.


As you can see, we can actually save


that to drive if you want into Google


Drive. And you can see the content is


good to go, right? And that's targeting


the keyword um you know new New York


barber shop right best barber New York


that's the one right and then you can


see it's optimizing it in the title the


first line etc and um yeah that's how we


generate the content itself now if you


go back to this as well some people


going to say well AI content doesn't


rank on Google the new empowering belief


is like AI assisted content ranks right


pure AI garbage of course it doesn't


rank right there's a big difference here


like if you say hey chat GBT, write me a


blog post about dog training. Um, that


that's a there's a huge difference


between that and saying, "Hey, use


include with brand context, your


expertise, your examples, and your


editing." Well, Google's much more


likely to rank that, right? It doesn't


penalize AI content. They just penalize


bad content. And bad content is generic,


unhelpful, thin, and copied from


everywhere else. Good content is


specific to your audience, genuinely


helpful, comprehensive, and has unique


perspective. and Claude helps you create


content faster. That's it. Good content


faster. All right. Um, other people say,


well, I need to write everything myself


to maintain quality. I would say the new


empowering belief really is like the


best content is AIdrifted and human


refined, right? So, for example, like


Muhammad Ali didn't become the greatest


by training alone. He had trainers,


coaches, spiring partners, and they


helped him become better than he could


have done alone. And Claude is your


content training partner. It drafts, you


refine, it suggests, you decide, it does


heavy lifting. you add the expertise and


the result is you get better content in


less time and that's not cheating that's


just smart training right so feel free


to get the video notes from today inside


the AI success lab also got a 30-day


plan on exactly how to set this up and


what also included here is um all the


notes from today and all the prompts and


that's inside the AI success lab which


comes with a community of 42,400 members


and if you go inside the classroom here


you can get everything from today


inside this section.


Today I'm going to show you how to make


money with AI SEO. This is basically,


you know, one of the ways and one of the


strategies that we're using to grow the


AI profit boardroom right now. And you


can see, for example, our results so far


here. Um, and basically the way that


we're doing this is we are creating


content like you can see here that


funnels traffic to our pages that


convert traffic. Now, we have two


different options and I'm going to guide


you through both. And essentially what


you're going to learn today is the


customer magnet frameworks, how to


create content that attracts buyers, not


just browsers, the three types of SEO


content that actually convert, how to


automate the entire system with free AI


tools, and the 30-day plan to set this


up inside your business for SEO. All


right, so the way that we're going to


get started with this is with the


customer magnet framework. So let me


show you exactly how this works. Right.


So


what this helps you do is pull customers


towards you instead of you chasing them.


Here's the big idea. Right? So the core


concept here is the three types of SEO


content. There's traffic content that


gets eyeballs. There's trust content


that builds authority. And there's


transaction content that creates brows


browsers into buyers, right? And most


people only create option one, which is


traffic content. They get traffic, but


they don't get any customers. And the


customer magnet framework balances all


three. So let me show you exactly how


this works, right? So for example here


we can go into something like claude and


we can plug in a prompt like this right


so we could say okay create a comparison


article like a profit boarding versus


learning alone right here's the target


audience the structure with the hook


what most people try the community blah


blah blah right make it genuinely


helpful not salesy and a reader should


feel informed not sold to right I use


claude because it's by far the most


sentient when it comes to creating


content the most humanized etc and so


now it's going to begin to create that


content. Now, this is basically


transaction content, right? It captures


people who are ready to take action.


Then you can also use prompts like this


for generating trust content. And if you


want to build, for example, traffic


content, then you can create like


listicles or or general topics, right?


And so


what


we're going to show you today is


basically


how we create content that ranks like


this. So, for example, if you look at


this particular page, how I rank faster


with notebook, right? Um, and you can


see that we've written the content here.


What we actually do is we embed a video


inside the article that people are quite


likely to read. And if they read it,


they're going to be funneled into a page


to


to our um money pages, right? So, for


example, here, if we check out my blog,


let me show you an example. We've got a


page like this one, right? And we have a


lead magnet right at the top when people


land on the page. Then we have the


tutorial that convinces them. Well,


number one, it gives them value, creates


goodwill, and then it convinces them,


hey, you should check out our free


community or our paid community, etc.


Right? It actually funnels traffic from


there to our page, right? So, for


example, if you look here, it's


funneling traffic from this link to our


community, right? And so


basically what we're doing through out


the page is really attracting people


from Google and then sending them and


driving them over to our funnels that


will convert that traffic. Um most


people get it wrong because you know


they create content that actually tracks


traffic but they don't know how to


convert it. And I would say there's two


ways that we actually do this. So the


first way is that when we rank this


content on Google they'll actually click


through to our free community. Right? So


if you have a look through this page


like this page for example you can see


here that we actually generate traffic


to the free AI success lab and they can


join this community they sign up they


become a lead etc right and it drives


traffic and then they get nurtured into


becoming a client later the other option


that we have is that we actually send


them directly to the AI profit boardroom


which is our community and that's like


kind of um a direct conversion play and


honestly like the conversion rates are


not that high for if you do this. But


the thing is like if you can get a lot


of traffic at scale then the the


potential the upside is is way way


higher. Right? So that's basically what


we're doing here. Now if we have a look


we've got the article being generated


here from claude from before. It does


take a bit of a long time especially if


you're generating it in a doc like this.


But the cool thing here is you can open


it in Google Drive and then you can


share with your team etc. or you can


save it etc. Right. Um you see how it's


written the content to basically


convert. you know, it's got some nice


tables in there, nice bullet points,


nice FAQs, and then it actually directs


people to get the AR profit boarding.


And so essentially, that's what we're


doing over and over again. Like every


single day, we'll publish content to our


website. Some of it ranks, some of it


doesn't. So what, right? Like the main


point here is like we get traffic over


time, and we keep building on it and


compounding on it. And that's the goal


here is really to just generate more


traffic to the website, generate more


traffic to our funnels. Now, you might


be saying, why would we direct people to


our free funnel, right? Why would we get


people to click from our content to our


free funnel? The reason for that is


because it actually nurtures people into


becoming a client eventually, right? We


give so much value inside this community


and people are inside there every single


day getting value that builds enough


trust and enough goodwill that


eventually they'll buy. And you know,


bear in mind once someone joins, they'll


probably get some emails. They'll get


the post inside the community. They'll


watch the content that also funnels them


into upgrading. And then also um we just


have a bunch of strategies like this to


generate um leads, right? And so that's


essentially how it works.


So thanks very much for watching. If you


want to get all the video notes from


today, you can get that inside the AI


success lab link in the comments


description. And if you go to the AI SEO


section here, you'll find all the notes,


all the video resources, and the


framework for doing this stuff. On top


of that, you'll get the live builds that


I've talked about today, as you can see.


And you know, some people are going to


say, well, isn't SEO just about getting


traffic? And I would say the empowering


belief, the new one that you should


really focus on is like the right SEO


strategy gets customers, not just


visitors, right? So, you know, here's a


story that changed my thinking. Like I


used to celebrate every traffic spike


like oo we hit 10,000 visitors per


month. Um but my business wasn't growing


because those visitors weren't buyers,


right? And so they were reading like


what is SEO content which is interesting


but they weren't ready to take action.


And when I shifted to the customer


magnet content method, traffic actually


dropped but leads went up because I was


attracting the right people. So you know


just really think about it because


traffic is a vanity metric and customers


are the real score, right? That's what


you want to focus on. Some people say,


"Well, I need to rank for high volume


keywords." The new empowering belief


really is like low volume buyer keywords


beat high volume browser keywords,


right? And Alexi talks a lot about this.


Like, would you rather have 10,000


people who kind of sort of might be


interested or 100 people um who are


ready to buy? I know which one I'd


choose, right? In SEO terms, what is


email marketing might have like 50,000


searches per month, but it's got very


low buyer intent. So, don't worry about


the volume, right? Whereas, for example,


if you look at best email marketing tool


for coaches, well, that might have 500


searches per month, but actually it's


way higher buyer intent. So, which one


would you rather rank for? Well, the


smarter option is the second option,


right? Um, of people say, well, content


takes too long to convert. The the new


empowering belief for this really is


like the right content converts


immediately, right? Like I'll track


every minute of my day. Day task, what


it's related to, how many minutes. And


here's what I discovered. Like


transaction, content, comparisons,


reviews, best x content converts in


days, not months. Because you're


capturing people at the moment of


decision. They've already done their


research. They're looking for


confirmation. Your content gives them


that confirmation and they convert


faster, right? That's what it's all


about. So, if you want to get all the


video notes from today, feel free to get


that link in the comments description.


Also comes with a 30-day implementation


plan. So, for example, Don, I know that


you said you'll be working on this all


day, which is pretty cool. So, if you


want to get a 30-day customer magnet


plan for doing SEO, we actually got a


30-day implementation road map with


prompts, daily actions, um, and you can


just follow this step by step and start


working on getting results, right? And


that's basically how it goes. So,


thanks very much for watching. Um, check


out the AI success lab. link in the


comments description comes with all the


tutorials for doing this stuff, an


amazing community and everything else.


If you haven't already, feel free to


book in a free SEO strategy session.


Link in the comments description if


you're interested in becoming a client


for SEO agency. And on that call, we'll


basically guide you through a framework,


give you a SEO domination plan, and then


if you're ready to become a client, you


know, feel free to sign up. On top of


that, if you just want to get started


and you want to get someone else to do


SEO for you, feel free to check out our


backlink portal. And basically on this


portal, you can order SEO online and


then we'll just go off and do it for


you. And that way you don't need to wait


for a call. You know, you don't mess


around with speaking to someone. You


just order online, use the coupon code,


and you're good to go. All right. So,


feel free to get that link in the


comments and the description.


Ah, thank you so much for reposting the


stream. Appreciate you, man. Thank you.


Today, I'm going to show you how to do


parasite AI SEO on Reddit. This is one


of the strategies we use. You can see,


for example, our subreddit here actually


gets 70,000 views per month by creating


content. This is not like spammy


content. It's actually like content


people enjoy reading. You see here, for


example, people commenting on it. We


publish a lot of content. We got 3,800


members. We only started this a few


months ago, this subreddit. I actually


thought it was too late and wouldn't


work and then it began to take off and


now we basically just publish our videos


like you can see inside the channel


here. And we also publish a lot of um


articles as well. So, I'm going to show


you how the process works and what we do


and and how to do it step by step and


how to replicate this yourself in case


you're interested in getting traffic.


And the great thing about Reddit is it


is free to use, right? I mean, you don't


have to pay to use Reddit. Anyone can


post on there. Anyone can start up the


subreddit. And what I've actually done


is for the um resources for this live


stream, I've actually created a list of


stuff that you can use to help you to


generate this. And the main thing to


note here is like Reddit SEO is really


powerful because you know Google made a


deal with Reddit, right? Um, and now


Reddit can rank really quickly on page


one of Google and also AI search engines


within like 24 hours. Like not weeks,


not months, but hours. Um, and I'll show


you an example, right? So, for example,


if we go over to perplexity here, as you


can see, and we'll just put something


like no book AI LM SEO, right? Something


like that, right? Um what you can see is


it will actually source


um different sources around the web and


it will pull in for example like


LinkedIn or for example YouTube and that


sort of thing right um and basically


what you can do is you can actually rank


this content not just inside


Reddit as you can see but also inside uh


AI search engines so people searching


via right so if you have a look at for


example this keyword you can see that my


Reddit article


from the subreddit is actually ranking


inside perplexi directly and it's got


links to all my funnels right at the top


to convert that traffic right um and you


can see another example here so this is


the traffic for this website we're using


the same technique but on the website


and it works so even if you don't want


to do it directly on Reddit no problem


you can actually do it on a website like


you can see here um and the other thing


you want to see here is like we're


actually embedding a YouTube video at


the top so we don't just rank directly


inside Google we don't just rank inside


perlexi and AI search engines But we


also rank directly on YouTube as well.


And so like, you know, you're 5xing your


traffic at this point. And you see it's


neatly formatted. The content reads


really nicely. Um, this article itself


actually got 2,500 views directly on the


platform as you can see right there. So


if we zoom in on that, there we go. All


right. And then if we go on see more


insights as well, you can see how it's


performing. So 2,500 views, um, a decent


amount of those from like the United


States, bunch of up votes, etc. Six


shares, six people shared this content


and it's pretty simple and easy. You can


actually see where it shared as well,


which is interesting, too. So, I


actually never look at those analytics,


but I should pay more attention. The


other cool thing here as well is like we


created that three months ago, but it's


still ranking inside Perplexity, right?


So that's the great thing about this is


when you're doing this like you're


creating content now but it ranks this


week inside Reddit. It could rank in


three months time inside AI search


engines and it's reach just expands. You


never get less views on a piece of


content of course, right? It only


increases. And so you're creating these


assets that can generate more traffic,


more leads, more sales um over the long


term. So that's basically how it works.


And so let me break down exactly how it


goes. So you know we've published over


300 posts. We get like thousands and


thousands of visitors and we use AI free


tools and you can automate this. And the


great thing about this is like you don't


need to be technical. You don't need a


website. You don't need any visitors.


And Google is literally just giving


Reddit post page one rankings right now.


It's it's absolutely insane. In fact,


Reddit threads appear in 82% of Google


searches on page one. I think most


people don't realize that, but just read


that again. Reddit threads appear in 82%


of Google searches on page one. That is


insane and most people have no idea this


is happening. So let me show you the


system of how this works. All right. And


this is called the Goldie Reddit


parasite engine. This is my personal


framework for turning Reddit into a 3D


lead generation machine. It's the Reddit


parasite engine. Um the difference


between Reddit um and why you should do


it now is like Google signed a deal with


Reddit. Actually Chat GPT as well have


leveraged this too. And so Google gets


access to Reddit's content to train its


AI models. So, Reddit gets boosted in


the search results and the result is


like Reddit actually saw a 27% increase


in ranking keywords. They added 110


million new keywords to their arsenal


and Reddit has a domain rating domain


authority of 91. Right? That's higher


than Fortune 500 websites. Right? So,


when you post on Reddit, you're


borrowing their authority. Your post can


rank faster than a brand new website


ever could. I've tested myself and I've


shown you the proof already that this


works. Right? So, that's basically how


it goes. I've given you a bunch of


prompts here. for example. But what you


can actually do is you could use claw to


actually generate names for your


subreddit. But the bet the first place


to start is to really go to subreddits


and create a new subreddit like you can


see here. Right? So for example, we


created the AI SEO insider and that is a


subreddit where we post all of our


content. Right? Now from there you want


to pick a niche specific name. So for


example, we've used AI SEO insider. If


you're in the e-commerce niche, you


might use e-commerce growth hacks. If


you were in the local business niche,


you might use like local business AI,


right? And you can actually use this


prompt on Claude to come up with a bunch


of names. From there, you want to start


using the content engine. Now, you can


use something like Claude. I would


actually recommend Claude for creating


content. And all you would do, right, is


you would plug in like a social media


post or video transcript, etc. into


Claude, as you can see, and you just


paste the content in right there. So, as


an example of that, if I go over to


YouTube here, right? And if I open this


up, this YouTube video, and then we'll


pull in the transcript from the page.


All right. And then we'll take that. We


go back to Reddit, paste in the content,


and we'll see see pasted content


attached. Right. We've taken the YouTube


transcript. And now what we're actually


going to do is get this to turn it into


content for our subreddit. You would


actually customize your subreddit right


here. But you can see how you can easily


generate using that video transcript an


article based on that content, right?


And because we're using our own content


to generate the article where it


actually uses that first person


perspective, right? Because it's all


trained on our case study data and


everything else. And there you can see


the article right there, right? Um, and


that's basically how it works. That's


what we do. We rinse and repeat it.


Sometimes we just post YouTube videos.


Sometimes we post the full articles,


etc. Um but it it is responsible for


generating a large amount of traffic. We


actually measured how many clicks we get


from Reddit as well and it is a decent


percentage as well. Um and the other


cool thing is is like it actually


compounds over time, right? So if you


actually look at our traffic month on


month, you know, January, um we didn't


get anything. That's when we started.


February we barely got anything. You


know, it's a slow burner, right? It took


a long time to start getting traction,


but it compounds over time. And now you


can see we're up to the point where


we're just getting like 70,000 views per


month on this platform. Um, and it works


really well. We're about over a quarter


million views this year. Uh, 3,800


members, etc. All right. So, if we have


a look at the past 30 days, 70,000 views


on that content, which is insane, right?


That is insane considering this is free.


And so, with a combination of your


website, you know, Reddit, you can use


LinkedIn, etc. It's quite easy to start


generating a lot of content and then


also ranking it. And as long as you


quality control it before you publish


it, you're good to go. Right? So, if you


want all the video notes from today, you


can get that, including some example


prompts and everything else. I've


actually given you a 30-day plan to


really um follow this step by step. The


main thing to note here is like you're


not spamming, you're not creating spammy


content. You're creating quality


content, checking it before you publish


it. And then you can publish this and


rank it across your own subreddit and


then generate an asset that actually,


you know, pulls in visitors, pulls in


leads, pulls in new members, etc. Right?


and also giving you some um ideas of


like builds you could actually build you


know for example like you could actually


get uh Claude to create like a visual


dashboard of everything that you're


doing today along with a clawed Reddit


response bot right so for example you


could actually create something that


monitors your subreddit or you could


just paste in the responses on the


subreddit and get it to automatically


answer community questions and that sort


of thing. All right. So,


the old way of getting traffic was like


you would build a website from scratch,


wait 12 months for Google to trust you,


write like a 100 blog posts manually,


build backlinks one by one, compete


against massive sites, pay for ads to


get any attention, hire writers or spend


hours creating content and then hope you


know Google doesn't penalize you. That


was the old way of getting traffic,


right? The new way with this Reddit


method is like you can create a


subreddit in 60 seconds. You borrow


Reddit's authority, which is insanely


high. You let Claude write all your


content. You automate the posting with


free tools. You rank within hours, not


months. Zero ad spend required. No


technical skills needed. And Google was


literally pushing Reddit content to page


one. I mean, 82% of all searches have a


Reddit thread on the first page, right?


And so, this isn't about working harder,


it's about working smarter and just


using tools that exist right now that


most people don't know about. I think


that's a game in 2026. And the winners


will use AI and the losers will do


everything manually. So the question is


which one are you? Right? Um now let me


break some limiting beliefs that might


be holding you back because I know what


you're thinking. You're probably


thinking I need to get a good writer to


create content. I mean here's the thing,


right? So if you look at for example


like Richard Branson, he's dyslexic. He


can't write, right? Um but he's built a


billion dollar empire, right? And how


has he done that? Well, he surrounds


himself with people and tools that do


what he can't. And Claude actually


writes better than most humans. It


writes in your voice. It writes on any


topic. It never gets writer's block. You


don't need to be a good writer


essentially, right? You just need to be


a good editor. Read what Claude creates.


Fix what needs fixing. Publish it. Boom.


You're done. And so the new empowering


belief with SEO is really I'm the


creative director and AI is my writing


team. Other people say, "Well, SEO takes


too long. I don't have the patience for


it." And I get it. You know, traditional


SEO might take six to 12 months and


that's brutal. But Reddit parasite SEO


is pretty different, right? So I've


ranked keywords in 24 hours, not 24


months, 24 hours, right? And why is


that? It's because you're borrowing


Reddit's authority. Google already


trusts Reddit. So when you post there,


Google trusts you instantly. And this is


the shortcut. This is a hack. This is


what everyone's been waiting for. So the


new empowering belief really is like I


can rank fast by borrowing authority


from platforms Google already trusts.


Um, and finally, like people say, well,


Reddit is for nerds, you know, Reddit is


is for memes, etc. it won't work for my


business. Well, Reddit actually has over


108 million daily active users, right?


Two billion monthly visits. There's a


subreddit for literally everything,


right? Real estate, B2B software,


fitness coaching, digital marketing,


whatever you do, right? Your customers


are probably on Reddit right now asking


questions, looking for help, and


searching for solutions. So, you just


need to be there when they do. And bear


in mind, you don't just get the traffic


from Google and AI search engines. We


also get the traffic directly from


Reddit's platform, which is very


powerful, too. And so, you know, the new


empowering belief really is like my


ideal customers are already on Reddit. I


just need to show up and help them.


Okay, so that's basically how it works.


I've given you the 30-day plan, all the


prompts, case studies showing and


proving that it works. And um you can


see all the strategies we've talked


about today. Edge says, "Happy New Year,


brother. Thanks for the videos. Happy to


help. Great to see you and happy new


year." And essentially, that's how we


get so much uh views, you know, in just


30 days using Reddit AI SEO. It's very


powerful. Most people are not leveraging


it properly. We're creating really good


content. I mean like you know I I myself


and my team spend a lot of time creating


this content. But with AI we can really


scale it and we can really get good


results of it and that's what we're


working towards. So thanks so much for


watching. If you want to get all the


video notes from today, the prompts, the


resources, the links, the 30-day plan,


etc. It's all inside the AI success lab.


So feel free to get that as a community


with 42,000 42,400


members. As you can see, it's completely


free. You can see it's quite an active


community as well. And then also inside


the classroom here, if you go to the AI


SEO section, as you can see, then you


can check out the full guide from today,


plus all of our best SEO trainings on


how to get results with SEO. So, if


you're struggling with it, feel free to


get that. That's completely free. If you


want to get a free SEO strategy session,


link in the comments description. This


will show you, you know, how we take


websites from like zero to 145,000


visitors per month. And also it gives


you a free link building acceleration


session with a SEO domination plan.


You'll discover the secrets SEO link


building and we'll answer any questions


you have on the call. And then finally,


if you just want to order SEO directly


online, you know, you don't want to mess


around with a consultation call etc. and


you want to become a client of ours, you


can actually order SEO online using the


backlink portal link in the comments in


the description. And basically between


these options, you can just order online


and and get the package you want. And


you also skip skip the setup fees


because you can just order online and


you don't have to jump on the call. So


it makes it easier for everyone. So feel


free to get that link in the comments


description. I appreciate you watching


and I'll see you on the next one.


Cheers. Bye-bye.