OpenClaw just booked me a meeting with a


multi-trillion dollar company. The good


news is I didn't even surface it myself.


It surfaced it for me and then it sent


the message for me after I approved it.


So stay till the end of this video. I'm


going to show you the parts on the


examples. I'm going to show you the


agent squad that I have and most


importantly you're going to get a sense


on how you can drive revenue, not just


fun from open claw. Let's get into it.


>> [music]


>> And so once I implemented this,


literally what happened is said you


should reach out to this multi-t


trillion dollar company over here. And


the message that you should send, it was


a very generic message. In fact, I can


pull it up right here. I'm just looking


at it right now. It says, "Hi name, hope


all is well. Wondering your primary


focus is right now and how we might be


able to collaborate down to chat." I


didn't change this at all. This is a


very basic version of it. Okay. So he


responds a day later and says, "What's


up, Eric? Would be happy to chat. What


days times work best?" I said, "Anytime


here look good." I just share my


calendar link. That's it. Okay. And this


is a relationship that I've had. I


haven't talked to this guy for [music]


years and years. So what I'm going to


pull up here is what it actually looks


like on my screen now using OpenClaw.


Okay. So here's how it looks in


OpenClaw. So this is a deal daily


finder. So what OpenClaw does, it goes


through our CRM sales transcripts and


based on our goals figures out the right


people to talk to and what the angle is.


So it comes up with all these things. I


don't need to do the thinking. Okay.


Literally this is a this is a real


meeting. Okay. So this is you know the


who why now the gap and this was from a


call that happened a year ago for carrot


which is our LinkedIn accountbased


marketing software and she had said on


that call here's how much she spends on


ads a year here's her current role and


then you know why now discovery call was


this explicitly said she was looking for


this so you will forget the context from


a lot of your conversations but this has


the context so it's going to surface it


for you and then it says okay it comes


up with a copy hey great connecting it


wasn't last Friday but it was a year ago


but been thinking about what you said


regarding the ad personalization gap you


mentioned so it literally calls out


contacts from the call itself, okay? And


you know, basically ask to re-engage.


And so I want to say this is perfect,


but it gets it going. And the cool thing


with Open Claw is that you can have it


just get it to this point where a


human's reviewing or you can have it be


autonomous and you can just have it


yellow. I prefer because we're talking


business and you don't want to screw


these things up. I would say you


probably should have a human in the loop


checking these things out and then


moving these things along, right? And


you can you can see the context over


here. So this is valuable because it's


not just, hey, I'm just checking in to


see how things are going, right? what it


is and like maybe you can't work with


them right now, but maybe you want to


see what she's up to. Maybe you can


help. Maybe you can make some


introductions and things like that


because these things always come back to


you later. Just give give give and


everything will come back to you down


the road. So, this is the daily deal


finder and it's not that hard to build


using an open claw. And so I'll get to


this towards the end in terms of how my


my squad is set up and how you should be


thinking about this, but you got to be


thinking about using open claw for


revenue generation and not just making


phone calls for you and which it can


make phone calls for you, right? So the


other piece I want I want to cover, I'm


going to give you more real life


examples here. So my ad agency Single


Grain recently was talking to a prospect


and this prospect wanted to have you


know thousands of ad creatives a month,


right? I was just wondering I was like I


wonder if I can have the agent so open


call is an autonomous open source agent.


I'm like, I wonder if it could the agent


can just look through their ad library,


their website, their competitors,


understand their brand, and just do all


the initial research and then come up


with the UGC ad concepts that scale. So,


I'm like, okay, well, it seems like it


can not only do the strategic, like the


creative research, the strategy, and it


does it in, we're talking like minutes


instead of waiting a week or two. They


did a really good job of looking at


their ad library, looking at the


competitors as well. And not only that,


I wanted to have an example like a quick


video photo mockups using the the latest


Gemini models because those are pretty


good at making images, pretty good at uh


doing videos, right? And so this is just


an example, but just me messing around


with this. This wasn't even a great


prompt. It came up with this. And this


this is not my this is just one of the


the the examples, right? On how we might


scale out UGC. So I'm not saying this is


amazing. I'm just saying this was done


in like a the more work you put into it,


the more context you give it, it's going


to be better. And so I'm saying this is


this is decent for what it was and and


me just kind of sitting on the couch


doing it, right? Just doing it for fun,


seeing what's possible. And so if you


spend more time on this, the ad creative


scaler, imagine you hand it off to your


creative team. The daily deal finder,


that's great. Hand it off to your your


your sales team. And by the way, if you


feel really comfortable with it and you


you're comfortable just letting it yolo,


these can become your full-time


employees. My whole thing is I'd rather


build trust. I want to see that these


things can run and and come up with good


ideas consistently, and I want to


continue to fine-tune it before I let it


go and and unlock more gates for it to


do more things. That's what I would say.


Number three, so let's say I'm doing a


long form podcast. So marketing school,


we do 80 minutes a week or so. We're


talking about the latest in in business,


lot talk about the latest in in


marketing. The the problem is we haven't


done a good job of clipping this


content. And so there are certainly a


lot of great products out there like


Opus and they do a decent job of of


clipping, but they haven't found the the


the great clips over time, right? And I


would just say, okay, I I feel like


there's a lot of wasted potential. And


normally, you would actually hire a


social media clipper to help you just


find these moments. And that actually is


a role, believe it or not, for Tik Tok,


for Instagram reels, like if you want to


put it on these short form channels. So,


what I did instead was I was like,


"Okay, well, I just want to see how this


will go." Like, here's one of my videos


over here. Help me find, you know, some


clips. So, cloud code will replace your


marketing team. It shows you the time


stamps over here. Here's the hook. And


then 150 times faster to engineer. So, I


could either repurpose those videos or I


can make brand new net new uh short


forms just repurposed from this, right?


But the whole idea here is like a lot of


stuff when it comes to social, when it


comes to content production is the


ideation piece and then the execution


piece. This can actually handle it all.


So again, open claw for business, not


just personal, okay, for revenue. Now,


my background is in SEO, AEO, okay, so I


have an agent here that feeds me, okay,


like insights are great, but ultimately


as humans, what do we want to happen? We


want people to do it for us. And so what


this does over here, it hooks in with


our Google search console, our Google


Analytics, our HRS API. It understands


my goals, my SEO goals, my AEO goals as


a company. Not only that, because we


have an SEO product called ClickFlow, a


content production product. It actually


uses ClickFlow and it provides product


feedback on ClickFlow over time and it


leaves notes on how we can improve the


prompts, how we can improve the the the


content. And so, not only is it doing


the research, coming up with the


insights, it is doing the work, but it's


also using our product and giving


product feedback at the same time. How


cool is that? Again, these are


superpowers that we didn't have before,


and you're able to do these. Look at


these deliverables. Uh, you should do


enterprise ROI calculator, AEO,


performance research program, enterprise


survey framework. These are all things


I'm going to review in a little bit. But


imagine if you just handed these things


off to your team. You just keep spinning


these things up and handing off to your


team. eventually because again this for


revenue generation it's for business you


don't want to let it yellow so a lot of


people are just letting it do its own


things for personal stuff maybe you can


do it for personal I wouldn't recommend


it just keep that in mind so those are


just a couple examples for you on open


call for revenue real quick if acquiring


customers has been a struggle for you


and you are trying to figure out how AEO


[music] works answer engine optimization


or the new version of SEO how paid works


how all this AI stuff is going to play


into your customer acquisition strategy


then check out my ad agency Singler it's


singingrain.com and if it looks like


it's a good fit will help you with a


free marketing plan. So again, go to


singlebrain.com and we'll see you on the


other side. Now, how does it scale for


business, right? So we talk about multi-


aent squads. So this image generated by


Gemini, not a bad image. Okay, so this


is actually my character from my book,


Leveling Up. U this is actually what he


looks like, right? So pretty cool.


Alfred is my chief of staff. So you want


to think about your your multi- squad of


agents. You want to have one squad


leader. This squad leader has the most


context, meaning that it has it's


connected to all my my CRM data. My, by


the way, it's ingested all of my content


and each week it's ingesting more


content, so it's most up to date with


that. It looks at all my granola calls


as well. And so this is ran locally on


my my Mac Mini over here. And I that Mac


Mini, I give it very limited control


over passwords, things like that. It


only has like one vault that's dedicated


to it. And so, you know, that's why I


give it. So, it's it's um I have more


security with this. And Alfred, you


know, understands a lot of my content.


I'm chatting with Alfred the most. He's


like, "Uh, think about it this way. It's


Alfred the Butler from Batman. Okay, so


all my, by the way, all my my team


members on the squad over here, they're


all from the DC universe." So we have


Oracle here, but from SEO, okay? Working


on SEO. We have Green Arrow working on


sales, right? And then we have Flash,


who's working on social, and you can see


how these these squads are working. You


want to think about these things as very


crawl, walk, run. So what I mean by that


is you don't want to just let it like


crawl might be is giving you reports and


insights. Walk might be maybe it's


drafting things up for you. Run is


you're just kind of letting it go. Even


then, I I would just make sure you have


a human in the loop here. Um, but you


can see my my my different things I was


talking about the daily deal finder, ad


creative scaler, social media clipper.


It put it up here, which is amazing to


me, right? When you think about this,


you want to maybe test out your chief of


staff first, work with it, and then you


can start to add in these you can start


to add in your squad. And then the whole


idea here is that you have your squad


talking to each other and they're just


just getting closer to your goal every


single day. Every day they're getting


closer to your goal. Maybe they're


working through the evening and there's


work for you to review in the morning


and then maybe you just have it execute,


right? that to me it's you're relatively


safe because if you just let it do its


own thing and it's not learning over


time then how's it how's it going to


know how's it going to know right and so


that's why it's more important than ever


if you're someone that is a leader and


you have taste you're infinitely more


valuable now right and so just you want


to make sure that you're constantly and


by the way how do you acquire more taste


well by by by being curious by learning


by talking to other people right that's


how you acquire more taste and so that's


that's the first thing that I want to


call out here I mean you know the the


multis squad agents and you know each


one has its own you know they they get


its own domain to to focus on and then


just like employees agents need to earn


trust over time and currently my setup's


in Telegram but eventually as it gets


more advanced I'm probably going to set


up some some type of you know mission


control where it's it's um almost like a


comban board where there you know


there's like a you know to-do doing done


situation and then you know they're com


they're commenting each other now I


talked about crawl walk run already but


again you want to unlock execution


rights over time so like drafting


content for outreach for purchasing


things like I I would be very scared if


you just kind of you let let it yellow


on on on buying things. You might give


it a virtual credit card a month on


maybe, you know, a couple hundred bucks


a month or something like that. And we


have very simple infrastructure here. We


don't need to go that hardcore yet. And


again, I my main goal is I want to see


this scale to to 10 agents before we


before we grow it out more. So, you


know, not like a crazy database, very


git friendly, human readable. And you


know, I I would say too by by the way,


like it's also important for maybe I'll


make another video, drop it in the


comments if you want me to make another


video on on the setup of this stuff,


right? is there are things such as you


know saving on the tokens that you're


spending and in terms of you know how


it's finding uh queries for how you're


setting up memory initially the


personality setup like all these things


to initially worry about you want to


make sure that you that you get that


right how do you make sure that you're


compacting your context windows or


clearing your context windows over time


how do you make sure that you're setting


up different channels for them to to


chat in right how do you make sure that


you're setting things up for security so


let me know in the comments if you want


that to happen but also you want these


things I I think this is very important


over here but you want these to be


proactive and so you don't want to just


be like every day you have and tell it


what to do or you have to ask questions.


That is a lot of energy. It's a lot of


mental energy. So, not only does it


understand my latest content, my company


goals, it also understands how my goals


are changing over time, it also


understands the content that I'm putting


out. It's it's basically it has all my


granola calls. Okay? So, how is this


thing not keeping in lock step with me


the whole time? So, that's why Alfred is


your most important one. It's very


proactive with you every morning. And


you're going to have to refine this over


time because a lot of these these cron


jobs like these daily tasks that you set


up checking your email, calendar,


business data, and surface issues and


prioritizing that gives it to me at 7:30


a.m. But your issues change over time.


Your priorities change over time. So


that's why you have to continue to work


with it. Another thing, too, is one


thing that you might want to consider is


if you're using Cloud Code or or any of


these these products to to help you plan


better prompts, I would I would


recommend that because a lot of times


you're just working within Telegram and


you're working with your your local


device over here. I'm pointing at my Mac


Mini. you know, there's just so much


context that happens within a chat and


you lose that context quickly. Just keep


that in mind. And the final thing I'll


call out here is and this is maybe if if


the other video makes sense, drop it in


the chat or or comments is my my setup


currently runs on a on a Mac Mini and I


have a one password vault um that's


specifically dedicated to OpenClaw. Um


so it doesn't have access to all my


passwords, just that one vault. And my


Telegram bots have strict allow list,


right? So meaning that they can only


talk to approved users, mostly myself or


the bots themselves. And you want you


want to make sure that you have audit


trails in your memory files, right? And


so this is all it's all very fun right


now. I think Cloud Code was was


definitely a a a huge moment. I think


this one has made it even more fun,


right? Just working with this stuff. I'm


making this video. I'm telling you, I


I've probably only been playing I'm


playing I've been playing with this for


for less than a week or so, this open


claw, and it it's already doing wonders


for me, right? So, let me know in the


comments what other topics you like me


to cover around this stuff. I would also


recommend that you check out this video


over here on $1 versus $100 million


Claude user because there's a big


difference in how you use these [music]


products. And by the way, Claude feeds


into OpenClaw. So anyway, I'll catch you


in that video. See you.