Okay, if you guys want to make money with openclaw,
have it spawn sub agents with their own computer
so your openclaw can have its own mac mini or whatever you use,
you use or go
or whatever. So you have a main openclaw, right?
I have this one starred right here.
That's my main one.
And then have it spawn sub agents with their own computers
so that they can go to upwork
and find jobs that are AI automation jobs.
Things like robotic process automations, uh,
any AI automation in general.
Power, automate.
There's all these different things that are outdated
that you can now automate with AI.
And have openclaw go find these jobs
and then build the thing
that these people are asking to pay thousands of dollars for.
And it'll build it, it'll put it literally,
you can see it's inside, like,
in this computer here. It's in the freaking code here.
Let me just click this real quick.
You can see all the files here.
It's making. It's literally.
It's literally a. It's finding the jobs and then building.
Building them out before you even apply to them.
And i'm talking like, these are like
multi thousand dollar projects that are being posted on upwork for AI.
And you could just have your open claw go out,
find them and build them. I mean,
if you're gonna apply for any of these,
if you have it already built out,
I think your odds are A lot better.
So, uh,
this is just incredible. I can link you guys the,
the skill that you need to make your openclaw
have access to the sub agents
so that the sub agents have their own computer like mine do.
And they're all running under this openclaws.
It's like one openclaws, it's. It.
You don't have to install it into these other computers
and it spawns the subagents into their own computers.
Uh, this is at a scale of just eight total. Uh,
but you can see it's really,
really cool to watch how they're looking into the upwork.
They're looking at all the different jobs,
they're building them out.
It's really cool to see live, um,
and it's just incredible. So check it out.
This is on orgo. You can create a project here.
You just add a new workspace.
Let me just walk you through it.
You hit, you know,
type that in, create a workspace. Boom.
Once you do that, you can just create a computer.
You click here, boom,
launch computer. And a lot of people,
they make money by setting up openclaw for other, like,
busy executives. If you wanna do that,
you could do that here too.
You could just, you know,
take this, uh,
installation code from openclaw's website
and then just run it in the terminal
and then just click enter.
And then boom, you install openclaw into a busy executives computer.
And if you're ever confused on how to Onboard.
If you actually don't know how to, like,
set up your key information or anything like that,
you can just ask the agent here to do it for you.
It literally just ask the AI to set up opencl for you.
Once it's installed and it's set up and you're good to go.