OpenClaw is the most powerful AI


assistant that exists right now. But if


you haven't done these five things after


installing it, you're really only going


to be utilizing maybe just 10% of its


powers. Most people are going to install


this on their VPS or their Mac Mini.


They're going to connect it to Telegram


or WhatsApp, send a few messages


backwards and forwards and be like,


"This just feels like I'm chatting to


Claude." Which is kind of true. Now, the


difference between Open Claw being just


a chatbot and an actual AI employee


comes down to what I'm about to show you


in this video. And if you stick to the


end, I'm going to show you a way to save


70% on your API costs when using


OpenClaw. So, with that being said,


let's get over to my laptop and get


started. So, before we get into the meat


of today's video, you will need an


OpenClaw installation. Now, there are


different ways you can go about doing


this. Some people spend hundreds of


dollars on a brand new Mac Mini. Other


people just go the VPS route. And for


speed and lower cost and just ease of


access, you can go ahead and get a VPS


here with Hostinger starting at just


$4.99 a month for their basic plan. I


use a KVM2. It's perfectly capable for


my use cases right now, and it's only


$6.99 a month. And that gives you two


CPU cores, 8 gigs of RAM, a bunch of


disk space, and if you want a bit more


higher performance, you can go up to the


KVMA, and it's only 20 bucks a month.


So, thanks for Hostinger for sponsoring


this video. And the cool thing about


Hostinger is they have a one-click


installation. So, once you sign up, you


can just come into your account here.


And what I do is I came into the


projects and go into the catalog, sorry.


And you can just search open claw and


you can come in here and you can deploy


and obviously put in your API tokens and


you can deploy this in literally one


click. Now the caveat is this is not


going to be fully secure and that's


where the tutorial comes in that I put


together on my channel on how to set up


openclaw on a VPS securely. So that


video will be linked somewhere on the


screen and definitely in the description


if you want to go through that process


to secure your connection which I think


is absolutely compulsory. I wouldn't


install Open Chlorin VPS without going


through that training. Anyhow, let's


crack on with the video. Thanks again


for Hostinger for sponsoring this video.


And if you use my discount code growth


lab, you're going to get yourself a nice


10% off. So with that being said, let's


get into the first thing that you can do


with open claw and that is to understand


the MD files that you have access to


that gives context to your various


different bots that you can create here.


It's also going to give it a


personality. It's going to give it


memory. So I'm going to look at all of


the files that you can edit here in


Quadbot. So, one of the things that you


can do to check out those files, you can


just ask. I mean, I'm going to voice


note in here because I use Whisper Flow.


What MD files you have access to,


including the agents MD, the soul MD,


and all of those. Can you just list


those for me and show me what's inside


of those documents?


So, if you've not created any of those,


there probably will be some templates


set up, but to give your individual


agents a role, essentially, you're going


to need to fill out these documents.


Now, it's important to figure out and


think for yourself what is the goal of


my agents because I have three here.


I've got an image creator, I've got a


content writer, and then I've got master


orchestrator is what we've got here in


this chat. So, once it's loaded


everything here, the cool thing is it's


going to tell you exactly everything you


need to know about these files and how


to use them, how to edit them, and how


to update them. And you can literally do


everything from this chat, which is the


best thing. Now, if you want to access


your files like in a Finder window, for


example, like I have here, I've


installed this tool called Mountain


Duck. Now, maybe some of you will have


heard of Cyberduck. It's a spin-off


company from that that allows you to


connect to remote servers, and you can


ask Claude. That's what I did. Um, you


will need to connect your Tailscale


account and authenticate the connection


that you're going to make with Mountain


Duck. But once you've done that, you'll


have the IP address here and you'll just


connect using I mean I I'll just show


you real quick. So when you open


Mountain Duck, you'll have options to


open a connection and what you'll simply


need to do is head over to the SFTTP


and you pop in the URL that you've got


from Tailcale that you've authorized and


then the folder path. What I found I've


just copied I did this var. Docker


volumes. If you've installed it through


Docker with the VPS with the method that


I showed you, then you'll just pop that


in. You'll put root and then you'll


click connect. If you're on Mac, it will


ask you to go to your system settings to


authenticate. And then you'll have


access to all of the files. As you can


see here, there's the config and then


there's the workspace. And if I drop


these down, you're going to see all the


different files inside of here. So yeah,


you can see my agents. We've got these


clawbot JSONs. We've got the sub agents.


Okay. Okay. So when I SSH using Mountain


Duck into this folder that I showed you


on Claude the uh just this path here


when I do that what I'm able to see is


these two files here. We've got the


config and the workspace. If you just


open these go in and you can see got the


agents. If I click into here does take a


second for everything to load. You can


see in my agents folder I've got the


content writer. I've got the image


creator and I've got the main. And if we


drop these down, you can see models,


some sessions, image. You can explore


these these files and see what's in


here. These are not the ones that I


wanted to show you into here. We can see


we've got the agents MD file. We've got


the heartbeat MD file, the identity MD


file, memory, soul, tools, and user. So


these are all files that are going to


give your agent context. So in my


agents.mmd file when you're in a chat


you can ask claot to add information to


this file and this is essentially a


process you know every session before


doing anything read the working memory


read the soul.md read the user.md all of


this stuff right so you can tell it and


give it instructions of what to add to


your agents.md file this is kind of like


the master file that gives a process and


some structure to your agents you can


also add in your GitHub repo and things


like this Right? A memory.md file. It's


going to give your agent some memory


about the things that you're working on.


Soul, what it says on the tin. It's


giving your agent some kind of


character, some kind of flavor, some


personality, the vibe, the boundaries,


the core truths. Okay? And this is


something that you'll update as you move


forward and create some different use


cases and agents tools, what it's kind


of got access to, and some of the files


and the user MD file. This is all the


information that it stores about me, the


human that it's working with. So, if you


don't have access to Mountain Duck and


you just want to do everything here in


the chat, it's totally fine. And you can


see here from my previous request


earlier in the video, you see got them


agents MD file. This is essentially


workplace instructions, how the agent


operates, how the heartbeat behaves,


etc., etc. Memory MD. This is longerterm


memory. Like I mentioned, we got some


group chats. So to add something to


memory, you want to say remember this


and it's going to update one of the


relevant files here. It does also have


files for different days, which is super


useful. So the skills that you install


are going to be the tools that your


agent has access to. We're going to get


into that in just a second because this


is where things get really, really


powerful. Now, I don't have heartbeat.


MD set up. This is basically having your


agent checking in on you. You know, some


people do it every half an hour, every


hour, this kind of thing. So, if you


have stuff that you're working on that


you can just set off and work along with


your agents in the background, this is


great for that. But if you have like


one-off tasks that you just do and it


gets completed and that's it, then they


might not be super useful for you in


this case. So, during your heartbeats,


there is memory maintenance. So, it's


going to read through the recent memory


files, identify any significant events,


lessons, or insights worth keeping, and


then it's going to update your actual


memory file with those distilled


learnings. The memory from your


day-to-day is stored in a different


file. Just to be clear, the soul file


here is just the personality and the


core principles. You can add some real


character here if you want to go for


that. Identity.md is the who I am. So


the name, the vibe, and the role. So


this is going to be different for each


of your uh sessions here. And on that


note, like how do you create different


agents? And it comes down to your


sessions, right? And you can actually


create a new agent just by talking to


your main agent in the chat. It's that


simple. Now, the Bootstrap MD, I've not


used this. It's missing. It says here,


"This would be my birth certificate for


the first run setup. I didn't go through


any setup process here. I just went


through the security that I've done and


shared in my previous video." So, that's


the basics of the files that your agent


has access to. So, an easy way to get


started on editing these is just to ask


your agent to interview you based on the


tasks you want to complete, the kind of


personality you want to give it. Just


ask it to interview you. so that you can


fill out these documents, these MD files


with, you know, some initial concepts,


some ideas, some placeholders and some


information. Yeah, it's going to


interview about yourself, maybe some of


the skills that you want to add, your


identity, and also what's in the soul.md


file. So, speaking of skills, that's how


you take your Clawbot to the next level.


It's going to give you your Clawbot,


let's say, superpowers in a way, but


it's also where you need to be very


careful. So, this is clawhub.ai.


This is where you're going to find


skills to include and install for your


Claudebot. Now, I will also say that


your Clawed skills that you may have


installed previously, you can also move


them over to your VPS and give access to


your bot. You can give access to those


skills you've already got created. All


right, but in this case, what we're


going to do is just we're going to add


the installation here, the npx. We're


going to come over to our account into


my Docker Manager into my terminal. I'm


going to run this command and this is


going to add the methodology that we're


going to use, the tool that we're going


to use to install these skills. That's


done. So now we should be able to


oneshot install any skill on clawhub.


Now you got to be careful cuz there has


been some malicious skills created and


uploaded here. Now, the cool thing is I


found this one called Super Memory, and


this is going to be huge, and we'll get


into it in just a second, but you can


see we've got the security scan. Okay,


so now we have some visibility on the


safety of these skills before we install


them. The other thing to look at is to


check out on GitHub if we can find the


git link. You know, we can click view


report here. If you want to take a look


at what's inside the reports, you can


see everything looks green. details


community perhaps nothing on that okay


boom I've installed super memory and it


was super simple I literally just asked


in the chat can you install super memory


he said ah like super memory is just an


API and let's see I can build you a


custom skill I'm like oh hold on let's


just grab it from here so I basically


just copied the link put it in and


installed it no problem now you will


need to get an API key from super memory


this is the platform form here. And


essentially what this is going to do is


going to give permanent memory to your


agent. So you'll simply just log in. I


could do continue with GitHub in my case


and I already have an account. I spoke


about super memory last year when it was


first released and got a pretty huge


response for it. So you can go to your


API keys, slot in one of your API keys


into your config file, put it here in


the chat if you want, if you really want


to do it. There is a way around it which


I'm not going to get into in too much


detail right now, but you can SSH


basically use the terminal to going to


your ENV file and essentially you put


store all your secrets in your env file


point to a placeholder and then that


placeholder is then used in your bot


here without exposing your API keys in


the chat. It's just bad practice. Now,


you've already secured your instance


here, so I wouldn't be super worried


about that, but it'll do it for you in


any case. If you want to add your API


key here in the chat, it'll add it to


your Cladbot config. All right, so


that's one of the skills that you can


add in here. If you want to learn more


about super memory, you can definitely


check out the documentation, but that's


going to make your agents on top of the


memory files that you've already got


access to with Claudebot. It's going to


give um a lot more context and also


reduce the the amount of tokens needed


to recall this memory as well. Now,


those of you who have uh eagle eyes,


you'll have seen there is a skills


section here on the dashboard. And yeah,


I've imported all of my Claude skills


into here. In any case, but you can


scroll down. You see there's a few


different there's GitHub, Himalaya,


which to be fair, I've already


installed. Not sure why it says blocked,


Nanabani. Pop in your API key here, but


I find it's just a lot lot easier and


more straightforward. But if you find


something on cloud hub like let's say


this perplexity search grab the URL and


say hey can you install this perlexity


skill and it should go off install it


and then let you know what it needs uh


to run this. So you can start adding in


skills. Let's think about it from like


what would be most useful. Do you want


to give access to your emails? Do you


want to give access to your calendar? Do


you want to give access to like nano


banana for image creation? Etc. etc. So,


can you see how it just responded here?


It's like no browser available in its


container, but I can build a perplexity


skill from scratch, which is something


we're going to get on to later in this


video. But it can basically create its


own skills. It also suggested why don't


we just grab it from the claw hub and


just copy and paste a skill MD file in


here. Also a valid option. So, you can


download the zip file in my browser


here. I mean, it's just a super basic


skill file which you could probably get


created in the chat anyway. you know,


you can just copy and paste that in and


and it'll it'll create its own skill


file. So, in any case, you'll want to


create and create skills or add skills


that are going to give you access to the


tools that you use and the services that


you might need access to. So, the other


thing that I haven't got fully set up on


my account yet is the heartbeat. So, a


cool use case for this would be email


management. If you want to have your AI


scan your inbox, find out the most


important emails, let's say for the day,


or you run that maybe twice a day, you


could get your agent to do that, like


what needs your attention right now, and


then it can send you the links to those


emails or give you a summary. Or you can


just voice note back into Telegram or


type in the response that you want to


send back and it will write the email


and send it for you, which I think is


pretty insane. So, how would we create


the heartbeats.mmd file? Well, hey,


could you help create the heartbeats MD


file? I want you to check my emails


three times a day and I want you to send


me a summary of the emails that need my


personal response and give me those


summaries that I can then respond to


myself whether I send you a message back


on Telegram.


So now it's going to add this to my


heartbeatd file. Okay, you can see it's


just asking me for some tools here that


I might need to install to set up this


heartbeat. So I'm going to go ahead and


ask give me the setup for one. So I'm


going to set up Himalaya uh real quick


and integrate this so it can actually


set up this heartbeat for me right now.


So it's asking me to add my app password


which is what you would create to give


access to your Gmail. And I need to add


it to my config. So this is how you


would get access to the config in your


terminal. So I will just show you that


real quick. And this is where you would


add some of these these secrets. So you


can see here I'd want to just add my


secret into here and I will then save


it. And now Cordbot will have access to


that. Okay. Boom. So we've got all that


set up. It sent me my email summaries to


my Telegram here which is great. So


that's the heartbeat. You can set it up


for whatever process you want. Thing is


it's going to use tokens every single


time it spins up. So that's just


something to keep in the back of your


mind. It's very easy to spend a lot of


money on these. But I do have something


that's going to have a huge impact on


your token usage. It's going to reduce


it by 70% and it's going to allow you to


switch dynamically between different


models. So you're not using the most


expensive model just for the most basic


of tasks. So we're going to get into


that in just a second. But there is a


prompt that we're going to drop in now.


Uh I think this is the fifth sort of tip


that I've got here for you. And this is


the figure it out directive. So, I found


this on X somewhere, bookmarked it, and


we're just going to paste it in here.


I'll show you what this looks like. So,


you have unrestricted internet access,


browser automation, and shell execution.


When given a task, I can't is not in


your vocabulary. If you don't know how


to do it, search for it. Read the


documentation, find tutorials, reverse


engineer it. I don't know how means I


haven't learned yet. So, learn. Before


saying something is impossible, you must


search for at least three different


approaches. Try at least two of them and


document why each failed with specific


errors. Your job is to deliver results,


not excuses. If plan A fails, try plan


B. I think this is pretty good. You're


not a help desk. You're an operator


operator ship. So, I'm going to Can you


add this to my agents MD file? So, this


is kind of the thing that you want in


your agents.md file. Um, I think this is


pretty cool. So, I'm just adding this


in. So, here we have claw router. This


is going to save you a ton of money in


the long run. Now, people have been


figuring out how to set this up. This is


just one way of doing it. I'm not saying


it's the best way. It's just the most


recent thing that I've seen. Now, just


bear in mind it's quite a new project.


It's got 1.2K stars here on GitHub. So,


that's pretty damn good. What you could


do is you could ask, "Hey, can you


install this


and we'll see how it processes that


request while we take a look at the


readme. And this will give you


instructions on, you know, why bother


using this in the first place. So, it's


100% local routting, so zero external


calls, no API calls for routting


decisions ever. Uh, it's going to choose


from 30 different models. Um, and it


uses micro payments using USDC on base.


So, that is a a crypto network. You


don't need to put a ton of money on


there. Like a few dollars is fine. And


it's open source, fully open source. Um,


and you can even ask open core how claw


router actually is going to save you


money. So it does have an installation


guide here. Now I would hope that


clawbot is going to pull out of the


installation and give us uh step by step


on how to install it. There is something


else that you can also install that's


going to reduce token usage and this is


the QMD skill. This essentially is gives


your corebot quick markdown search. So


if you have a ton of files in context,


right, as as an MD file, a markdown


file, this is going to allow the


searching of those files to be much


quicker using less tokens. So again, we


could just copy this and say, can you


install this skill? And we'll see how it


does.


Now, it's already in process, so I'm not


going to interrupt this right now, but I


am just going to add it to the queue.


that it can process in just a moment.


So, real quick, just how this claw


router actually works. Um, you can get


it to install it by giving it the link,


but you will need to use this wallet


address that it will spin up for you


that you can fund with some USDC. Now,


you can just send five bucks or $10 or


whatever. You will need to send that


from a wallet or an exchange. If you're


not in the cryptosphere, then that's


probably something you may have to


experiment with or wait for alternative


solutions to this problem of not wanting


to use Opus 4.5 and now Opus 4.6, which


is even more expensive for the most


basic of tasks, right? So, this way


we're able to optimize our expenses.


Now, it's fine if you, you know, you


don't mind spending hundreds of dollars


day if you use those high-end models,


which is easily done if you're just


spending a few hours a day chatting


about back and forth with your clawbot,


getting it to run agents on multiple


tasks, having your heartbeat running


every 30 minutes, which I think is


excessive, but some people use it. So,


it just depends on kind of the return


that you're going to get from the work


that it's doing. That's essentially the


equation that you've got to spell out


for yourself and and figure out. Okay,


so the issue I've just ran into is that


I installed this with the Maltbot


oneclick installation. Now, it does say


at the top here, Claudebot. Now, the


issue I had was it added the plugin to


my config file. Great. And then


everything crashed and my Docker image


was restarting and crashing and


restarting and crashing. So with the


help of Claude here was able to drop


into the correct file in my terminal


here and was able to remove the


information. And the issue that it seems


here is that claw router was built for


openclaw right and obviously open claw


is the final version here of all these


different names basically for the same


thing. So it's a bit weird that doesn't


work or is not compatible with the


version that I'm running. So, in any


case, it's giving me some options here,


right? Fork and adapt. So, it could


clone the repo and add the right


manifest file, which is what I've told


it to go ahead and do. So, I'm going to


wait until that's done and we'll see how


that works out. But, in any case, you


could create your own skill. You could


create your own process in the


agents.mmd file of when to use the more


complex models and when to use something


simpler, right? and making sure that you


give the API keys and access to those


other models. Okay, so while we're


waiting for this to finalize, I just


wanted to come over to my sessions here


and just show you what going on here cuz


I've got the image creator main, right?


And what I've done is I've handed over


the process for image creation for this


agent. And this is what you're going to


spend probably most of your time doing


is creating these these separate agents


and giving them their own role and


responsibilities and personality agents


MD file that's different for each of


these. So I am going to ask in the chat


here what's your agent MMD file. So


there's no memory all working files and


that's intentional because this is all


just project based. So when I come in


and use this uh we don't need to


remember anything. We just need to use


what's in the agent's file. You can see


this is his operational manual. All


right. So great news was able to fork


the uh repository and install it and


it's not crashed yet. So I think we're


good to go. So if you are running an


older version like Claudebot, you may


want to go through this process. So it's


pretty cool how it was able to just come


up with that solution. I'm not going to


run it right now, but it will give you a


wallet address that you can transfer


crypto in and you can try it out. Um,


one of the thing that I wanted to get


into real quick is the configuration of


your individual agents here. Right? So,


if I come into this content writer agent


and I ask it, hey, can you show me your


agent.mmd file, your soul.md file, and


these are the instructions I've given


you um, for this project and all the the


context files. So, with my content


writer here, we do have an identity,


right? the name Quill content writing


specialist and it's got access to some


content writing skills that I've


uploaded into here. There is not


actually much else in the solder MD file


which definitely needs updating. When


you're speaking to your agent and you're


developing something like this, making


sure to commit stuff to your sold MD


file specifically for this agent as


well. And that goes for your agent.mmd


file. It goes for your memory and all of


that good stuff. All right. So finally,


one of the other really cool things you


can do here is you can create your own


skill, right? Does no need to actually


go over to Clawhub and download and


search for something that you want here.


If you have a process that you do over


and over again, whether it's a creative


process, whether you're accessing a


certain API and doing image creation in


in my case, well, you can just come in


and say, "Hey, this is my process." Or


you could go through the whole process


in one of these chats and say everything


that we've done today, can you turn it


into a chord skill and it will go ahead


and and just create the skill. It will


write the skill MD file and then any of


the accompanying MD files that you might


need to help run that skill. It's


essentially something that if you do it


over and over again, maybe you do the


same thing every day, it's definitely


worth creating a skill around. And in


this folder, this is typically what a


skill would look like. You would have


the initial skill.md file which gives it


a name and description and kind of


what's in this skill. So this is like a


contents of your book giving the LLM


access of like what is inside of this


book instead of actually reading the


whole book. It's just going to read this


summary and point to the chapters or in


this case the MD files of these


different in this case copyrighting


principles. We've got templates etc. And


then these are the files, right? So it's


not loading all these files at once.


It's loading the skill first,


determining what to use from that skill


for your specific request. And you can


create a skill like this around almost


anything. And you could have scripts in


here. You could have API calls. You


could have whatever you want that's


going to help you with your specific


process. So that's what I mean by


creating the skill. You can just do that


here in the chat. Um, and you can also


do it in Claude desktop version as well.


and you can sort of add it and transfer


it over here to your VPS. But I would


just set everything up in here. I think


it's a lot smoother, a lot easier to do.


And the cool thing is it's just going to


be able to add it to your files here


without doing any like copying from your


desktop and uploading and all of that


stuff. All right. So now I've given you


the tools that's going to enable you to


unlock the true potential of OpenClaw.


So you could turn it into your 24/7 AI


employee that runs tasks on its own and


keeps improving itself. Now if you do


need a VPS to run OpenC claw, then I


would recommend Hostinger. It's the


company that I use. I think they're one


of the best VPS providers out there. And


you can get 10% off by clicking the link


in the description below and use the


code growth lab. If you want to learn


how to build productionready AI systems,


and you want to figure out whether


Claudebot and any of these new releases,


these new tools, software are actually


more than just hype. That's what we talk


about and we discuss inside of my


mentorship and certification program.


I'll show you how to become invaluable


and irreplaceable at your company and


take you on a journey from zero to AI


operator inside of 16 weeks. So, if you


do want to apply and see if you're a


good fit, there is a link below in the


description to do that. Now, if you want


to watch the next video on the screen


right now, I'm going to show you how I


use AI to get over 13,500 followers on


LinkedIn and generate over a million


impressions. So, I will see you there.