I built a tool that helps me source


deals from all of my LinkedIn


connections, all of my Gmails, all my


calendars. It scans the entire thing,


all of the sales calls that we've had as


a company in the past, all my CRM


details, everything. And the best part


about this, I even know how to code. And


I built this in less than an hour. So,


by the end of this video, I'm going to


show you how you can do this. And


depending on the size of your network,


depending on the stage of your business,


this could add millions, tens of


millions of dollars, probably even more


than that because this is the deal


sourcer that you've always wanted, but


you've never had.


Let me give you a story around this. So,


I was talking to one of my friends over


the weekend and he told me that he has a


nine figure deal on the table right now.


And the way he got this 9 figure deal


was that he's always sending an email


out every single day. He's always


thinking about the connections that he


has, who he should be hitting up. But


he's doing that all very manually cuz I


was telling him about how cloud code is


extremely powerful and it's going to


help him with his business. And he said,


"You know what, Eric, that's nice, but


you know, I have higher leverage things


that I can be working on." I just


thought to myself, I said, "Well, all


the work that you spend figuring out who


to message, what the angle is exactly


who you're connected to, these things,


these this web of information is very


hard to keep up on. Imagine if you build


a deal sourcer like this. What else you


can build to it? Can you retarget these


people after you hit these people up?


Can you have personalized messages? Can


you figure out just how you can continue


to add value to these people and bring


more goodwill to them? Let me just give


you a sense for how this this deal


sourcer works. Right? So I I just asked,


hey, what are the top 100 or top 10


companies I should be going after based


on a strategic analysis? So based on my


LinkedIn connections, 13,000, my


calendar history of two years and


company goals, you know, Amazon network


score over here, I've done 21 meetings,


maybe deal size potential 50 to 100


grand a month. Honestly, these are


probably more on this side over here.


But the the value here is who am I


connected with? I'm connected with their


head of paid media, global head of SEO.


HubSpot, you know, they used uh Carrot


before. There's a deep relationship.


Seamrush, I'm connected with the CMO,


direct competitor, HRES. HS I'm friends


with uh Tim Solo, this the CMO, and I'm


actually friends with a couple people


there. Clay Ser, I'm connected with the


head of marketing. And then here's the


meetings over here. And let's just mess


around with Amazon. Okay, the angle it's


giving me is the SEO company that grew


Amazon uh business and Amazon business


to 5 million. Okay, you know, the angle


here is saying that they have a lot of


different business units that are


decentralized and to go after a bunch of


these different ones, right? And funny


enough, we're actually talking, we've


been talking to one of their business


units that that's doing fairly well. I


think they're this this business doing,


you know, multiple eight figures a year


already for this this um Amazon business


and then they actually are interested in


SEO. So, this angle is actually spot on.


Okay, so estimated ROI 20 to1 on this or


the HubSpot one over here. Hey, we've


been in the orbit for years. Let's do


something bigger. So let's say you know


they've been using carrot single gram


has helped you know Uber, Amazon, sales


for or we can say hey we worked with


like you know XCRM you know this CRM


over here but I am actually connected


with these um these hubs people over


here and so my point of saying all this


is that you can think about a bunch of


different angles. It can be speaking at


conferences. You can think about


partnerships or business deals. You can


think about just podcast collaborations


things like that sponsorships. All these


different things that are applicable to


your business. These are now available


for you to to go after. Right. I think


we don't spend enough time thinking


about how we can make the most of our


networks. We build all these


relationships, but we don't think about


how to maximize them. So, let me show


you how all this stuff works real quick.


If you want to acquire customers faster


and more efficiently this year with the


latest strategies and tactics, then


check out singlerain.com. That is my ad


agency again, www.singlegrain.com.


Check it out and if it seems like a fit,


we'll get in touch and help you with a


free marketing plan. I'm going to give


you the gist of this and then I'm going


to show you how how it kind of works.


I'm going to walk through a couple of


questions that I asked it, but keep in


mind I use natural language to build


this. I use cloud code to do it. I'm


sitting inside of cursor and these are


things I guarantee you like there are


other videos that I have on this channel


that you can check out on how to


actually use cloud code or the business


implications behind it. But you should


it's going to take you a little bit


there's a little bit of a learning curve


to get it going. But once you have it


going, boom, you're off into the races.


Okay, let's take a look at this. It says


deal manufacturing platform. Okay, so


research targets, find warm intros,


generate positioning for big deals,


quick start natural language via cloud


code. So, I'm not going to read through


all this um text over here, but


basically what I'm doing is I'm just


asking it whenever I'm I have questions.


I'm just like, "Hey, like who are the


best deals I should be reaching out to?"


Okay, some of the features with this,


okay, you have real-time triggers. So,


basically, we're looking at funding


news, hiring news. And so, if this


company just raised $100 million or so,


okay, they're looking to push. If they


just hired a CMO, they're looking to


push, or maybe they made a change on the


CEO side. So what we use over here is


ampify over here called API and we use


that to kind of scan the news in terms


of who's a fit for ICP. Now what's also


important to understand is that you have


a cloudMD file and um if you're using


cloud code and that's kind of the the


global file that it'll look at and that


for me it includes our company goals, my


individual goals for the next one year,


two year, three years or so. So it's


going to tie in what it knows


understands our goals to be and what our


ICP is and then it's going to look at


real-time triggers, look at the news and


see what's exactly happening. So, we're


scanning the internet for news. Okay.


The other piece is competitive dynamics.


And so, maybe there are clients that


you've won in the past. So, look at your


CRM and look at maybe look alikes that


you should be targeting and look at uh


news that's surrounding these look


alikes. Maybe you're not working with


that client anymore. Maybe you can work


with some of the competitors and you


have experience there. So, you should be


able to do better, right? That's that's


a nice angle. Conference opportunities.


For me, I speak at a lot of conferences


around the world. So, speak at HubSpots


inbound conference or like the HR


conference like the these types of


things. um I'll speak at these things


and I'm often looking for not just any


speaking opportunities but more focus on


opportunities that will actually drive


leads and and and business for for for


me. Okay. So conference opportunities


would be another one. Service offerings,


you know, is there an angle where we can


angle in our services or maybe uh tech


enabled services like uh the software


that we have. Is there an angle where


maybe we work with them before where we


can maybe if we have they they they


bought our software before maybe we can


angle in uh the managed services


component, right? And then a big thing


here is that I've actually done a


complete download of my LinkedIn


connections and then I've I've kind of


uh connected it with this. Right? So I I


think give or take I have about 13,000


LinkedIn connections or so. Um, I'm also


looking at my my Google um calendar. So,


my Google uh meeting history. Um, and


then also this thing will help me draft


it also it'll help me figure out the


angle, but it'll draft messages for me


to send via LinkedIn or send via email.


So, all this stuff is being done. And


and by the way, like I I did this in


less than an hour to get this working.


And there's a couple things that you're


going to have to connect with inside of


cursor and say, "Oh, do you want to do


like a Google off over here? Do you want


to do this over here?" Once you get over


the hump, you're you're going to be in a


lot better spot. And by the way, leave


it in the comments if you want like a


video with me doing like a complete


setup or walking through the setup.


That's maybe something I can consider


doing. But I just want to the reason I'm


doing these types of videos right now is


to really give you a sense of of what's


possible because once you get an idea


for me, you it might go off and spawn


another idea that might be more useful


for for you, right? And so so what I've


done here is I've imported my LinkedIn


connections. You can just, you know,


it'll tell you exactly what to do. Go to


um you know, data privacy, get a copy of


your data. I just got the


connections.csv. And then um you know


unique companies that I'm connected


with, total connections I have and then


top companies I'm connected with.


Apparently I have 127 connections with


Google and 89 at Microsoft and 67 at


Meta. And then there's all this stuff


that that happens here, right? And so


you know I'm putting in my my different


credentials


for different set um things that I have


like you know Google credentials. Uh


Gmail like I said is connected to my my


Gmail to look through emails. Enthropic


as well. So so this is an example. So


deal brief Enthropic. So this is 85 out


of 100. It's good for you because they


just raised, you know, 2 billion at a


$60 billion valuation. That's January


25. They've actually raised a lot more


since then. But so let's say I have 15


connections at Enthropic, eight meetings


in the past two years. Here's my intro


paths and then uh ready to send message


to your connection. And then here's a


draft. Okay. So this is cool. And I I


look at all the other stuff it's built


over here. So like LinkedIn importer,


relationship scanner, all these things


to to see how it works. So look, now


we're we're we're kind of, you know,


going a little deeper like SEMrush for


example. We work with 20 different SEO


tools. We know what's working in the


space. HS is winning specific content


battles. But the whole idea here is that


it's giving you ideas on who to reach


out to and what the angles are. I'm not


saying whatever angles or people that


they're pitching to you are the right


people necessarily, but you know, I'll


give you another one like a Google deal


brief over here. So Jen, actually this


guy went to my high school and so I I do


as a matter of fact know these people


over here. And then here's a draft


outreach. Okay. Hey, I hope you're um


Hey, I think it's fee you're doing hope


you're doing well. I know you manage


agency partnerships at Google. I run


single rank and we work with Amazon Uber


Salesforce on their gross marketing.


would love to learn more about how


Google work with the agency. Any


interest in a quick chat? So, I might


flip this over and say, "Hey, we've


we've actually got this software over


here or we've got this podcast marketing


school that has good reach. Hey, what


are you pushing right now? What can we


push on Marketing School so we can


develop a a deeper relationship here,


right? Or what kind of events can we


throw at at Google, for example?" So, so


look, I'm showing you more connections


over here, but I I really want to just


bring your attention to anything that


you you're going to have to that you


want to do with people. Let's say you


want to hire an you want to hire amazing


people. Okay, use this deal sourcer to


help you recruit people that you need or


use your deal sourcer and say, "Hey,


based on my goals, what do you think I


should be doing with this deal sourcer


based on the connections that I have?


Take a look at all my connections."


Okay, who should we be partnering up


with on the podcast side? Like, who can


you do a scan to see who's actually


running podcast ads? Um, whose companies


are running podcast ads that I'm


actually connected to and maybe they can


make a connection for me. Okay, they


really like to say that they really say


that your your net worth is your


network. And I believe that's true. And


this type of stuff has never been


possible before. And I think this is


just going to get more and more complex


over time because as you reach out to


these people, you might have automatic


retargeting turned on like I told you


earlier or you might automatically also


DM them on on Instagram for example or


LinkedIn or you might have a different


sequence that that AI will actually help


implement for you. And then over time


you're kind of seeing what they're


interested in and then maybe if it's


someone you're trying to recruit, you're


just staying in touch with them every 3


to four months or so. Um maybe they like


the you know the Dallas Cowboys or


something like that and you you get them


a jersey. I don't know. there just I


think you're you're going to be able to


scale out a lot of goodwill and you're


going to be able to help others and


eventually as long as you help others


get what they want eventually it's all


going to come back to you [music]


ultimately you're looking to play the


long game here right and um there's just


so much you can pull from here like what


I'm looking to do next is okay maybe my


my Gmail's connected what else can I


connect can I connect my my gong calls I


want to make sure those are all


connected here granola like then this


thing will figure will figure out all


the things that I've been talking about


recently as it relates to my goals and


[music] it's going to constantly look at


my relationships and figure out what


else we can do to attack and continue to


grow the company. So, that being said, I


hope you enjoyed this video. What I want


you to do now is you can check out this


next video over here on how cloud code


is absolutely insane for businesses. You


got to check it out over here. And we'll


see you in that video.