In this video, I'm going to show you how


you can get free API keys of AI models


for using in your project, open claw,


saw, etc. This video is an extended


version of my previous video and little


detailed. I've added some new methods


and much more. So, let's get started.


First of all, the Nvidia build site.


Here on this site you can see all the


big models like Kimmy K 2.5,


Deepseek V3, Neatron and many more. On


the other hand you can see options to


rent GPS but these are paid. Obviously


the Nvidia B200 and H200 are paid. So


for models go to the explore page. Now


on the left hand side you can see all


the models categorized by reasoning,


vision, visual design etc. Click on any


model you want either by category or


just by browsing. I'm just going to the


discover page again. There are two ways


you can generate API keys. First use the


get API key button. Click on generate


key and you will get your API key. Make


sure to copy that API key. If you want a


model specific API key, you have to go


to view all which is this button here.


Once you go there, click on that button.


And now you can see all the different


models listed below like Miniaxm 2.1,


Kimmy K2.5,


GLM 4.7.


These are all open source and some of


the best models. So I'm clicking on


GLM4.7.


Now here you have to click on view code


button. Here you will get all the code


you need. Copy and paste this code to


run your model. You simply have to click


on generate API key to generate


different API keys according to your


needs. It generates multiple keys every


time you clicks button. It also offers


code support in other languages like


lang chain, node or just shell. Okay,


then later on close that page. To delete


your API keys, go back to the explore


page. Here you have to click on manage


API keys and then you can see all your


active API keys. Here you can delete


them one by one and that's all. It gives


you limits according to this like 40


requests per minute on Nvidia build.


Next up we have


basically started giving out their free


cloud API keys a few days ago. They are


giving API keys for GLM5


which is one of the best contenders for


opensource outperforming Claude Opus


4.7.


First of all, you have to download


and then you have to run in your cmd or


shell. I'm not downloading it because


I'm currently running out of space on my


computer. Download it for Windows, Mac


or Linux and then create an API key


here. Click the add API key button. Give


it any name you like and generate the


API key. This will be your API key. Then


click on models. Here you can see all


the models. Like here I'm seeing newly


launched GLM5


which is outperforming GPT 5.2 and Opus


4.7 in most categories. And it's open


source by the way. As you can see cloud


written here you get free cloud access.


Click on this button here to see all the


commands you need to run this model in


the cloud. like


rung glm5


cloud. Just paste that command after


installing it. You need authentication


which will be done using your API key.


It has limits refreshes after 2 hours.


So that's it for a llama. When I was


researching for this video, I got to


know about super profile. If you are a


creator, you know the struggle of


juggling five different tools just to


sell one digital product. It is a


nightmare. That is why over half a


million creators worldwide use this to


handle everything in one place. Their


link in bio feature is a gamecher. It


isn't just a list of links. It acts as a


complete salesunnel where you can sell


your digital products and courses


directly without sending your audience


away. And you have definitely seen


creators say comment a word and I will


send the link. Right? They are not doing


that manually. They are using super


profiles autodm. It automatically


replies to comments saving you time


while skyrocketing your engagement. But


here is the real problem. People click


to buy but get distracted and leave.


Usually that customer is gone. But Super


Profile solves this with email


automation for abandoned leads. It


automatically follows up to bring them


back so you don't leave money on the


table. And once they buy, the journey is


seamless. You can use the redirection


link feature to instantly send them to


your private WhatsApp community. It is


the smoothest way to build a paid


community. You need to try this out. If


you sign up using the referral link in


the description, you will get a massive


80% discount on your first month. Click


the link below to claim that offer and


start monetizing smarter with super


profile. Next, let's move on to Grog.


Grog provides chips for AI inference.


You can see all the models listed here


like Quen and Llama free. Click on any


model you like. Then here in the


playground, you can select different


models. Now to generate an API key, just


look at this code, copy and paste it,


and authenticate using your API key.


Click on API keys, create an API key,


give it a name, set the expiry date


according to your preference, and submit


it. After submitting, you get the API


key. Copy it. For managing usage, you


can use the dashboard button. So this is


all about Grogue. Let's move on to the


next one. This one is from GitHub


models. GitHub models now offers GPT5


and Deepseek V3. So click on the view


full model catalog. Here you can get


different models which are new. Click on


any model you like such as GPT5.


You get free API access. Here you have


to click on the use this model button.


Now click on create personal access


token. Now it will verify you verify


yourself using your email. Then click on


generate token. It asks you two times


and then you get your API key. If you


want to generate another just click on


generate another API key here. Give it a


name, type a description, and select


repository access. And again, generate


the token. So you get your API keys. To


delete it, you get button right here. So


that's it for GitHub models. Next up is


Google AI Studio. Google AI Studio


offers you free API keys for Gemini


models having limit of 1 million tokens


every day. You have to go to the


dashboard section. Then you can see


create API key. First of all, you have


to create a project. Then select a


project and then click on create API


key. Then it will take some time to


generate your API key. You can copy this


key here. Google has a vast catalog of


models here. You can select any model


from here to have an API key like for


video, audio, images, etc. Next up is


open router. Basically, people are


unable to find free API keys on open


router. So, in this video, I'm going to


tell you how you can get free AI models


from open router. First of all, you have


to click on get API key. From here, you


can create an API key. Give it any name.


The credit limit is optional. You can


set any expiry date you want. Then click


on create API key. Copy this API key


because it's essential for finding the


free models. Go to the models section.


Now you can arrange them in this section


by using this button. For free models,


you have to look for the models listed


at $0 like Aurora Alpha here. and other


models like Opus GLM. You can see there


are $0. So now I'm clicking on this


model. You can see all the stats like


its performance where this model is


being used most and overall its


performance and providers. To use this


model, go to quick start. Here you get


all the code in different languages like


Python and Typescript. Copy this and


paste it. And in the open router AP I


key section you have to paste your own


API key. Just remember that find a free


model on open router and use it using


this simple trick. It is one of the best


sites I would like to say for exploring


models and using the methro free course


you get the models which are currently


in testing. Next up is cloudflare


workers. Here you can see all the models


like GPTOSS,


Llama, KMIK2 and don't worry guys, all


the links are in the description. So I


want to use GPOSS.


Scroll down, you can see all the


required code you need in JS format.


Then to actually use it, look at the


usage section here. You can see worker,


Python, and curl. You can copy and paste


this code and authenticate using your


API keys from Cloudflare and use these


models. Now I would like to share the


GitHub repo of all the API keys listed


here. Some of them are free and some of


them are on a trial basis. You can


access these API keys and everything


from the description. Thanks for


watching this video. Kiloode and Olar


are also offering free API keys for GLM5


and MiniAX M2.5


which are the SOTA from China beating


the Opus 4.7 and GPT 5.3 in fraction of


cost so you can try it out. Thanks for


watching. I will meet you in the next


video. Until then, bye-bye. See you.


Please like and subscribe to our


channel.