Plug code is the most powerful AI coding


tool on the planet and using it in


anti-gravity will give you an unfair


advantage. Anthropic just released a


powerful new feature that lets you build


better quality at three times the speed


and have more scalable workflows. And so


in this video, I'm going to show you


exactly how to build Claude's agent


teams feature. I'm going to show you how


to unlock the full capabilities of


Claude with an anti-gravity so you can


build faster and to a better quality


than your competitors. And if you don't


know who I am, my name is Jack Roberts.


I built and sold my last tech startup


with over 60,000 customers. And now I


run a 7figure AI automation business. So


if you haven't already, grab that coffee


and let's dive straight in. So Claude


Code and anti-gravity are unstoppable.


And the words of Johnny Bravo. And we've


just had the brand new Claude Opus 4.6,


which we're also going to include in


this video today. Now, we're going to


cover exactly how to unleash Claude


within anti-gravity. There's been a


brand new update. It is experimental and


I'll touch on what that means in a short


while and it's going to be using several


different agent features that exist


within cloud code that basically lets


you develop and some circumstances three


times faster with better quality code


with more specialized focus and can even


result in more scalable workflows if


though you know exactly how to use it


cuz if you use this the wrong way it can


actually have the adverse effect which


is why I'm going to cover all that in


today's video and I'm going to show you


exactly why it works that way. But


first, Claude I the way I want to think


about Claude in relationship with


anti-gravity if you're not familiar is


Claude is like this super powerful


engine and anti-gravity is the Ferrari.


So the idea here is that one powers the


other. So to say it's Claude versus


anti-gravity would be a bit of a


misnome. It's more anti-gravity is the


vehicle and the engine we're using is


Claude or it could be any other model


like Gemini. Claude is the brain and


anti-gravity is the environment in which


we use Claude. So, all Clude


improvements make anti-gravity more


powerful. They're not in competition in


that sense. So, in this video, I'm going


to show you how to access any Claude


skill within anti-gravity. I'm going to


show you the powerful Oprah skills that


drastically improves Claude code, which


basically takes Claude from a brilliant


but undisiplined junior developer to


someone with coding superpowers. We're


going to use Opus 4.6 anti-gravity. I'm


also going to show you when to use


Claude and importantly Claude's brand


new scum, which is, by the way,


something called Agent Teams. So agent


teams, the best way to think about it is


imagine a classic marketing team, but


instead of people, they are claude


agents and each one of those agents


works on a different task at the same


time. So you'll give Claude an


instruction like, "Hey, I want you to


build me a full stack website." And


Claude will spin up four different


digital employees or four different


agents. This is kind of the the concept


this works. And these agents it spins up


can actually talk to each other


directly. And this is the new feature,


the new wow, this is crazy type of


moment. And they can all share one to-do


list, which is really cool. And each one


of those agents themselves also has a


context window of like up to a million


if you're using the latest model. And


they can even check their own work


before they're finished. Now, the way


this works is you we use anti-gravity.


And within anti-gravity, we decide to


use the Claude model. And effectively,


we create a project and let's say it's a


building a full stack website. Claude


will spin up a project manager agent and


he'll basically create a number of


employees. Could be two, could be 22.


you know there's like a limit to quality


but you get the idea and each one of


these sub agents has a specific task. So


this might be the front- end developer,


this might be the back end, this


person's looking at quality control,


this person's testing, etc., etc., and


they can all talk to each other. So the


idea is like if it's something where


let's say you build like an AI


dashboard, right, and it gets pretty


complex, like there's a lot of


interdependencies, we can actually have


these agents now communicating with one


another within their own context window


and reporting back to this kind of


orchestration agent. They use some kind


of very funky specific terminology. So


sub aents which I'm going to go on to is


very cool can be three times faster


again better quality of code more focus


more scalable workflows but they can be


very token hungry is one of my watch I


want to show cuz I'm going to show you


it's a very powerful tool for specific


circumstance but it can also be token


hungry if you're not using it correctly


but I'll cover that in this video. So


let's unlock claw superpowers with an


anti-gravity. Now to master claude and


unlock its full capabilities


anti-gravity there's actually three


levels of difficulty that we're going to


go through in this video. The first of


which is what I call the clawed code


hacks that sit with an anti-gravity. And


if you've never heard of anti-gravity,


you come over to this website and simply


install it for your computer. And then


you go over to this website here. And


all you're going to do is copy the page


if you've not installed code. Then we


head over to anti-gravity, which is


right over here. And anti-gravity. Then


we're going to upload and basically


create a brand new folder. And if this


sounds like I'm speaking French, go and


watch this video on screen somewhere


that'll teach you the basics of


anti-gravity. and I'll be waiting for


you right here when you come back.


Welcome back. Now, let's dive straight


in. So, what are we going to do? Well,


if you've never installed CL before, you


can be like come to the right and say,


"Hey, install this." And you can do this


with anything really. When you basically


copy a page, throw it in. You're ready


to rock and roll. Now, there are three


ways that you can use Claude code with


an anti-gravity. Way number one is here.


We can select the model and as you can


see, we can do Claude Opus 4.6. Awesome.


The second way, which is cool, and this


is great if anti-gravity ever


misbehaves, so to speak. come down here


on the left hand side. Come over to


extensions and I want you to type in


claude. Think of these extensions kind


of like Chrome extensions in a sense.


You come on, you can select it and then


once you do that, anytime you hit click


on a window, once you've installed it


here, you can see you just double click


and then you'll see the magical Claude


logo. You click on that and then I can


say, "Hey, how's it going?" Right? And


now I'm talking to Claude, which is


great. So this is like chatting with


Claude in the terminal, but it's like a


way better interface basically. And we


can again create as many of these as we


want to. just keep spinning them up to


have many multiple different charts. And


then the other way is at the top. If you


just hover over the top, you can see


you're going to have terminal. So you


just click on terminal, click on new


terminal, and then it appears at the


bottom. And here you can say Claude and


when you say Claude's name, he appears.


We don't need to say it in the mirror


three times either. And then what you


can do with this to make it better is


right click panel position and align


that to the right like that. And then


you have Claude chilling out having a


great time on the left hand side of the


screen. And what is really cool here is


you can duplicate as many as you want to


by hitting this arrow like this. You


see, just keep on doing that. Basically,


adding an item and you've got all of


these different basically claw terminal


browsers running in anti-gravity.


Another little hack for you, by the way,


is that you can actually use certain


models within anti-gravity for free by


using something called Open Code. I'll


put a link for it somewhere on screen so


you can check that out. But effectively,


all you would do is literally come over


to the terminal here and say install


Open Code like so. This will then go


ahead and grab it, install it, and then


when you run that code, you can access


over 100 Frontier models. You can even


use your chat GBT plus subscription if


you ever find out that you're running


out of tokens within anti-gravity. The


other thing to call out as I mentioned


is that the token usage for Claude Opus


4.6 with an anti-gravity is free.


However, it is more limited than the


Gemini 3 Pro high because that's a


native model to Google. So, you kind of


get more leeway that way. One little


hack that some people do, by the way, is


they will actually come over and switch


their account so they get like more


free. I personally am more on the


advanced plan. I find that it's really


worth it because I get lots of usage and


it kind of kicks bum. Instead of just


googling it, you can also just grab the


open code install which you can do


directly from this page. Literally


coming over, copying this, heading back


over to anti-gravity, you can just


literally enter it in right there. I


mean, it's already found it, but if you


wanted to be really specific, you could


physically do that. Sweet. And now


that's done. Let's open up the terminal


window just to check this. So, new


terminal. And all we say is quite simply


open code. And then you should see the


open code appear for us instantaneously


once that loads up. And it's over there.


And then if you've done that, it'll pop


up. You can then do things like check


the models, make various different


decisions. You kind of pretty much name


it. But I'll link a full video so you


can check that one out in a bit more


detail. But this is one thing. But the


question is, how do we really leverage


the full powers of Claude with an


anti-gravity? Cuz most people don't even


really scratch the surface. And the


first way that we do that is using


something called skills. Now, Claude


skills can effectively be anti-gravity


skills. They're basically packets of


information, instructions that we've


worked out and specified that give


guardrails and enhancements. and think


of them as like a mech suit for your


model. So, for example, so I've got


these Oraclaw superpowers which are


insane. I've got this full guide here on


Claude agent teams. I'm going to put all


these resources down below so you can


just copy and paste and get rocking and


rolling. But what we're going to look at


here is a specific library that is


really profoundly powerful. And this one


here is the superpowers plugin by almost


50,000 stars which is code for really


freaking cool. What this will enable us


to do very simply and the key difference


I want you to understand with skills to


leverage the best out of claude and


anti-gravity is that without superpowers


without skills your coding agents


basically like a junior dev really smart


not very well directed the idea is that


when we give them these codified skills


through things like brainstorming and


thinking it's efficiency goes through


the roof so the benefit stops claude


from wing it stops bugs from compounding


and it stops claude from lying to you


and hallucinating based on his specific


so just think about someone's built


excellence they've codified it and then


we get Claude to use that. So there's


loads of really incredible use cases.


You can see review skills, meta skills,


lots of great stuff. So any skills that


you want to learn. Another great


example, by the way, is this one here,


which is awesome. Cloud skills. Again,


I'll put the links below for you. That


basically gives it the ability to


programmatically edit things like word


documents, Microsoft, Excel sheets, you


name it, it can physically do it. So


when you find a skill package that you


like, all you're going to do is come


down here, click on the code, click on


copy. Then we're going to head over to


anti-gravity and say, "Hey, install


these skills here for me." Right? And


then all you're going to do is literally


paste in a link. That'd be pretty handy,


right? We can do that. And they'll add


it for you directly into your


environment. And now that's complete.


You can see on the left hand side we've


got all the skills. You can add macro


skills to set across everything as well,


of course. So I'm going to get a prompt


here, which is if I building a test


product, how would you approach this?


Use skills if you have relevant ones.


Now, typically speaking, you should


never really need to do this. So if I


click into brainstorming for example,


check out the brainstorming skill. You


can see it's got a description. Use this


before any creative work. So normally


speaking, the context within this


claopus 4.6 knows that I'm doing


something creative. Therefore, I must


use the brainstorm skill and it will do


that most of the time, but these models


are probabilistic and there's very rare


occasions where sometimes they don't. So


if you wanted to be a bazillion% sure,


you can just prompt it to use the skill.


But most of the time, you shouldn't


really have to do that. It depends how


comfortable you are with the situation.


But normally these will actually pull


them for you dynamically without


thinking about them. And we can see now


it's analyzed various different skills


to see exactly how it should behave when


thinking about this. And then we have


this brainstorming prompt which is


understand the product context one


question at a time proposed two to three


approaches. It's built a full phase plan


for us now using these codified skills


which is fantastic. So it's literally


thought about this in detail


programmatically and I've given us steps


to do that. And you can give them steps


that include code like the ones that


will edit documents in HTML. Think of


them as like incredible upgrades to


leverage with claude code with an


anti-gravity. So now you've learned some


of the hacks of using claw code with an


anti-gravity. The next step is to use a


feature that will literally let you code


and do things three times faster than


actually using it traditional way. And


the crazy part is that most people don't


even know that this thing exists. So


we're going to come to our workflow and


let's just refresh and get rid of


everything. Now to do this, what we're


going to use up here is going to be the


terminal. So click on terminal, click on


new terminal, and we want to activate


Claude. If your terminal isn't on the


right and you'd like it there, remember


you can always right click and decide


the panel position, top, right, bottom,


it doesn't really matter. It's a


preference. Personally speaking, I like


to go from left to right, which is why I


have it there. Now, here's what you're


going to do to demonstrate the power of


this. Right click over here, or you can


just add a folder up here, and we'll


call this one research. Okay, so for


example, let's give it the below prompt,


which is three sub agents running in


parallel. One production, five


production use cases for Python, five


for Rust, five for Go. Save each as its


own output markdown file in the research


folder. Bam. I'm going to send this one


off. So what is happening here, really


important to understand, is that Claude


has its own context window. This one, I


believe, a million tokens. When it


spawns these sub agents, they exist


temporarily during this conversation.


Each of these sub agents has its own


context window, right? And what we're


saying here is we have what we call


these parallel agents. In other words,


they can work on the thing at the same


time as the other one. So, one could be


doing API calls while the other one can


crack on with something else. It's like


us three being in a house trying to sell


it, right? And I've got to paint and


maybe you got to clean the kitchen and


someone else has got to install the


radiators, but we're all saying, "Well,


we're going to wait till Jack's finished


before I can start." Well, if we all


separated and did three different things


simultaneously, we'd get the job done so


much quicker and we'd sell it, right?


And that's kind of like the idea with


this. And as you can see right now once


I come back over here, it's launching


these different sub aents. That's a


different part of anti-gravity kicking


off if you're wondering. But look at


this, right? We've got Python again.


Five tools used, five tools used, five


tools used. All this research is


happening independently. Now, these


agents aren't talking to each other, but


what they are doing is doing deep


research. And if this was being used by


Claude itself, this would take


significantly longer to do. And just


like that, we've got all three saved in


a research folder. And look at how


comprehensive. I mean, this is literally


how many lines of code? Like over 745.


This feature is crazy. And it's so much


faster than having Claude do it itself.


Spinning up these sub agents and having


them work in parallel. Now, sub agents


are phenomenal. But the biggest


drawback, so to speak, is the fact that


they cannot communicate with each other.


Agent A has no idea or context what


agent B is doing or vice versa. But what


if there was a way to actually have


these agents communicate with each


other? And this brings us to Claude's


latest experimental feature which is


called Claude agent team. So what are


agent teams? Well, in simple language,


they are Claude Code's multi- aent


orchestration system. And that sounds


pretty complex. The TLDDR is allow


multiple AI agents to work together in


parallel, communicate directly, and then


coordinate what we call complex tasks.


So basically instead of one developer


working alone, you now have a team of


specialists working simultaneously with


their own focus. Keep being the fact


that they can communicate with each


other. So how do you install it? Well,


basically you just open this up here and


what you can do literally is on this


page just copy the page then head over


to anti-gravity and then with


anti-gravity just say hey install this


and then you can paste the entire page


and it will literally install that for


you with an anti-gravity. And whilst


that's doing that, I want to kind of


draw a bit of a differentiate between


agent teams and sub agents that we just


used. Again, sub agents super cool,


super powerful. The biggest difference


is earning context window fully


independent. Whereas with sub agents, it


reports back to the main agent, right?


But what's really interesting here is


that the token cost for agent teams is a


lot higher. And if you think about that,


it's because they have to communicate


with one another. There's an additional


dimension of communication, which is why


this can burn tokens. It's a very


specific tool with a lot of potential,


but just be aware that it can actually


be quite token intensive, but there are


some strategies that you can use and


I've detailed a lot of them here. So,


for example, what we can do is have the


most powerful model as the brain and


then we can actually come down here and


then deploy different models for lesser


tasks that don't require that. For


example, we can deploy Sonet 4.5 or


Haiku. And here's a cost tokens just to


give you an overview. So, you can


leverage this feature without


necessarily like rinsing your API


credits. Super duper interesting. And


you can see some of the other things


there. This is best for focused tasks


where the result only matters. Whereas


agent teams are good for complex work


requiring discussion and collaboration.


And I'm going to go into a bit more


detail about the stuff that I found. I'm


always going to share with you the stuff


that works. If it's new, we're going to


test it. And if it's great, I'll let you


know. And if it isn't, I'll also let you


know. So, we're very very independent on


how we do things to think about this.


And there are some use case I want to


really throw by you here. So, once we


come back over to anti-gravity, we're


going to allow it in this conversation


to download it. So according to this, it


is fully running and rocking and


rolling. So let's come over and test


this for example in the terminal and


click on new terminal and we're going to


remove this over here to test it. So


we're going to come down here and


activate claude. One little small


feature by the way that I want you to


think about when you're building agents


is the actual feature in anti-gravity.


So we've just shown you how you can spin


up these sub aents. But within


anti-gravity, right, you have this agent


manager feature right here. And this is


really cool because we could in theory


have these mini agents by saying, "Hey,


for example, I could click on use


playground," which is like a blank


canvas. And I could be like, "Hey, do


X." Then I could spin up another one and


be like, "Hey, do Y." Right? And I could


spin up as many as I want to. The


advantage of the sub agent is the fact


that it's all managed by Claude. But one


interesting differentiator here, by the


way, I just want to throw you away, is


the fact that if you look at any of


these things, like let's say you've got


an invoice generator like I do. What I


can do with mine now is I can go into


this folder at any time I want by


literally clicking into it for instance


and then saying hey write me an invoice


for XYZ and it already has all that


project context which is a complete game


changer with anti-gravity and we're


still using the best code model to do


that. So to test this, we're just going


to ask it, do you have the ability to


create agent teams and what commands do


you have? And we know this because I've


actually detailed everything it can do


in this document for you. Task create,


task list, task get, task update. So


again, all this is going to be available


for you down below in the description


completely for free. So you can have a


rock on a good time. And does it look


normal to you? We got brainstorm,


dispatch, and parallel agents, executing


plans. And as you can see, it says yes,


I have access to these tools, team


coordination tools, task correct, task


get. Awesome. So now we're going to


ahead and give it a prompt. And I want


to drill down to something important


here. So, this is the prompt that we're


going to give it to build a to-do app.


Okay, an agent team prompt. We're going


to have one guy who does the copy, one


guy that does the designer UI, and one


person does the features. If you start


to bloat the team, just like in


business, right? Like if you and I were


doing a business together, and we had a


QA guy and a safety guy, the every


dimension you add and require


intercommunication, it gets bureaucracy.


So, agents apparently are not immune to


bureaucracy. And one of the things I


found is that, you know, every team


member must earn their spot on your


agent team. Otherwise, not only will


they be more expensive, it will be a lot


slower and not efficient. So, think


about how they could be specific. Now,


the only time you're going to use agent


teams is if they need to talk to each


other and intercommunicate. So, these


are really cool ones. One guy just


focused on the copy, one's on design and


UI, and one's on the features. So, what


we're going to do is literally come down


here. We're going to copy all of this,


and we're going to compare this with


building one just directly by itself


using Claude. So, so we're going to come


down, come down here, paste it, and see


exactly what they build for us.


Beautiful. So, now we have two apps. We


have app A and then we have app B. I'll


let you make a decision on which one


that you prefer. But if we check out


this one as for instance, I can say,


"Hey, I need to buy apples." I add that


in. It's there. I can take it. Pretty


sweet. It's crossed off the list. Now


it's the done section. If I untick it,


it's now in the active. Pretty cool. We


can go ahead and sign out as well and


give us cool login page. Overall, pretty


decent. Then we got the second one here,


which is, "Hey, demo." I can add a task


up here. Already I've got more things I


can do here, like hey, hey, what's up?


Description priority high. And then we


can set the due date. Again, it's it's


lacking a little bit of polish to be


fair. It's not quite as visually


brilliant, but it does hit more


specifics. Add the task. And then we can


see it's all down here. We can select


this. We can delete it. Yes, delete it.


So, you can see now the interesting


levels of detail we're getting in this


one. Got active and got complete. I


wouldn't love these design. These are


one shot. Bear in mind, all I said is


build it, right? So, it's not exactly


like multilayer, but these are the two.


And interestingly, this is the one done


by agent teams. And this one here was


done completely by claude by itself. Now


this leads to a very interesting


conclusion with this. Now this project


had one UI layer, one data layer and one


flow. So agent teams for a project like


this is overkill. We also have when


you're using very simple projects with


agent teams a communication tax because


just like a normal business all of the


individual agents or employees have to


communicate with one another. So not


only might it not be as good quality as


a oneshot some say slightly better, some


say it's slightly lower ballpark. The


point is it will get there a lot slower


because of the communication overkill.


So the TLDDR is if you can explain the


whole task in a couple of sentences, use


an individual AI to build them. But if


it's something that requires a


multiplicity to use a very fancy word,


lots of lots of independent


interrelating things where you need the


agents to carefully coordinate with each


other, you may opt towards the agent


teams model instead. For example, if I'm


building a simple to-do list, I might


just use AI. But if I'm building a full


multi-stack dashboard with


authorizations, payments, dashboards,


the whole works, there might be


something more in the agent teams


version. We can also, as I showed you,


actually cut our cost down by having the


most powerful model up front and then


lesser expensive models underneath that


to execute on it. Now, understanding how


to leverage CL code and anti-gravity is


one thing, but if you don't know how to


connect anti-gravity to one of the most


powerful tools on the planet, you're


almost certainly leaving value on the


table. And we can learn how to do that


by watching this video right