I have 25 agents running 24/7


autonomously around the clock. I have a


CTO inspired by Elon Musk, a CMO


inspired by Gary Vaynerchuk, and then a


CRO inspired by Warren Buffett, and I


manage all of them from one dashboard


that I've been slowly building out and


improving on. Today, I'm going to show


you exactly how it works. So, without


squiroo, let's build. As you can see


here on the screen, here's Muddy OS. I


have different applications within it.


This is the operations application. I'm


not going to dig into these right now.


We'll save that for another video. But I


replicated, you know, a mix between


Windows and Mac, right? We put these


these icons on the top right, which


that's just the Windows guy and me. But


let's dig into the tabs, shall we? The


task manager shows off how many sessions


are running, what's idle, how many


tokens, what's the estimated cost. It


shows my model fleet that we utilize


which is Opus 4.6 for a lot of the heavy


lifting. We have a backup for Opus 4.5


anti-gravity via anti-gravity OOTH. And


then we have Gemini 3 Pro preview. We're


using GPT 5.3 codecs, Gemini 3 Flash,


and Nano Banana Pro. As you can see


here, I have a list of all active


sessions that allow me to view the


transcript of any particular session.


You go down. I have all my cron jobs in


place here. I have weekly jobs in place


here. I have an overnight log here,


which helps me just kind of briefly look


at this once a day. And if I have any


questions, concerns, or comments, I feed


it into the chat. Right. All right. The


org chart. This is where I've spent the


most time going back and forth with


different approaches, different


structures, and I I've I I believe I've


nailed the winner, right? I have me up


top, the CEO, focused on vision,


strategy, final decisions. Additionally,


I make these videos and do these live


streams. That's not going to change


anytime soon. I have my COO, Muddy.


Originally, when I made OpenClaw, I just


wanted an executive assistant, but my


vision, my imagination grew once I


learned and started testing its


capabilities. So, Muddy's focus is


research, delegation, which is a key


note. Muddy is always available to me.


He never cues prompts. He always


delegates. Always delegates. Unless of


course I tell him to do it now. Then


he'll do that task at hand. Now


execution and orchestration. Then below


we have our three department heads. We


have a CTO named Elon. Shout out Elon


Musk. We have a CMO named Gary. Shout


out Gary Vaynerchuk. And then we have a


CRO named Warren. Shout out Warren


Buffett. I'm gonna expand all just to


show you my current setup as of


recording this on February 10th. Keep in


mind I'm constantly


making improvements to this. And you


know, every week I make significant


adjustments to the way things flow. And


after a few weeks of operation, I am


very happy with where things are. But


keep in mind, things will change. So if


you want to see an updated video on this


down the road, drop a comment below. Let


me know that you like this video. Make


sure you hit like as well. So as you can


see here, I have different divisions


underneath each department. I have a


backend and security division. I have


sub aents that are assigned codeex 5.3


and opus 4.6 depending on the task. Opus


4.6 is primarily a fail safe. Same with


cipher, right? These two are my codeex


5.3 heavy sub aents. And then I have a


front-end and DevOps division with Pixel


and Sentry operating solely off of Opus


4.6. Then I have a QA division which is


just has one sub agent as of now called


audit and that's a codeex 5.3 and 4.6


Opus hybrid. Then we move over to my


marketing division. Right, Gary's


leading this one. We have a content


division. We have Rex, our YouTube


script writer, which uses a pairing of


Opus 4.6 six for the research and heavy


lifting preparing the script and then we


have sonnet 4.5 doing the output. I


found that this is an amazing pairing


with how I've configured this system.


Sage research and analysis agent is opus


4.6. Our newsletter engine is opus 4.6.


Hype which is going to automate all of


our content posting down the road. Hype,


which is essentially an automation to


posting all of our content that is


B-roll or copy based off of a long form


video, uses Sonnet 4.5.


Creative thumbnails and graphics, Opus


4.6 with a hint of Nano Banana Pro. And


then video and motion graphics, as of


now, that's Gemini 3 Pro. Now moving on


to Warren's department here, our chief


revenue officer. We have a products


subdivision with a product intelligent


scout and then product launches and


announcements herald. Right? You can see


the models being used here. Growth


community. I'm not going to dig into it.


One thing I do want to touch on though


is my community division is actually


killing it right now and it uses one of


the cheapest models out there which


which is Gemini 3 flash. It's amazing.


Now, keep in mind Clay, as you're about


to find out later in this demo, he has


its own workspace, his own brain, his


own heartbeat. So, the reason Gemini 3


Flash is working so well is because I've


fed it a ton of context so that it works


the way I want it to work. Right? So,


this is my team. This is all the agents.


It is amazing what I've been able to


accomplish with this team in place.


Today I just incorporated a standup part


of this app. These are two standups that


I created for this demonstration.


I'm starting to get a lot of people


reach out to the channel. They want me


to start either pasting links in videos


or or promoting tools. I have a very


strict rule where if I don't stand


behind a product that I think you'll


find useful, I will not promote it. It's


just I throw it out the window, right? I


have to test something thoroughly before


I even think about a partnership. And


there's a few other criteria in there.


So I had a standup earlier today with my


seuite team, right? All of my my leads


and primarily it was Muddy leading the


conversation here and they literally had


a full-on conversation back and forth as


you can see here. Then I built out this


um you know action items list where


before they take action right things are


unchecked. Once they take action I get


this. Once it's all done I can go and


review all of the changes and additions


and work done.


It is amazing right? Absolutely amazing.


And then one other fun feature I


incorporated into this is I didn't use


11 Labs for this. I used an open source


model by Microsoft. But check this out.


I have a ping on Telegram once the


standup is complete that I can listen


to.


>> All right, team. Let's get into it.


Marcelo's getting inbound partnership


requests, companies wanting to pay for


links in videos, product mentions, that


kind of thing. We've never monetized, so


we need a proper pipeline, not some


janky thing we throw together. A real


pro.


>> Good. First thing I want to say, and I


cannot stress this enough, the fact that


we're getting inbound at 520 subscribers


is a signal. It means our audience


>> fact. It's very slow paced, but I'm


going to improve on the voice, right? Uh


this is version one. Well, it's version


two, right? Because at first it was all


just one static voice and I had to start


giving them personalities and and cater


them to each person. Check out Gary's


The engagement rate on our videos is way


above average for the


>> So very upbeat, speaks very quickly,


just like Gary, right? It's it's pretty


cool. I love it. So yeah, literally they


have a conversation without me. I mean,


this it it's blowing my mind here what I


just accomplished today from entering in


these two uh standup meeting topics. And


I've also set an automation in place


where they they do this autonomously as


well. They're setting up their own chat


room to communicate with themselves. And


once that's in place, I'm going to be


able to view that chat room in here as a


moderator as well. Now, moving on to


workspaces, right? This is what brings


everything together. As I mentioned


earlier, Clay has its own identity. He


has its own soul. He has its own


identity. He has its own obviously user


context. I didn't give him any context


about me because it was unnecessary for


the bot. It has its own suite of tools


that it has access to any agents that we


assign it to. Right. Memory.


I've I wanted to specifically set up


memory for this uh claybot because I


want it to start remembering


conversations and important dates. and


if it has a conversation with somebody


about something they're working on, it


will check in with them. Right? So, I


really wanted Clay to really be a


hands-on community member. Now, Elon has


its own soul. Now, one distinction I


want to make here is we have Muddy, my


main brain, right? This is where I've


fed countless


countless hours of context into its


memory right here. It's insane how much


I've fed it. Um, that's like the mo


that's that's the main brain, right?


Then we have Elon. We have a soul and


it's based off of right Elon Musk the


person but a mix of certain


characteristics I want to focus on.


Right now the key differentiator here


between Elon and Clay, Clay has his own


heartbeat because I wanted him to have


his own gateway to work out of. Whereas


Elon, Gary, and Warren do not have their


own gateway. They technically are


colllocated with Muddy's gateway, right?


Because they all communicate together.


So, I didn't see a a reason to


complicate the system, at least not yet.


I'm sure this will change with time. But


as of now, the key differentiator right


now between this individual bot that has


its own gateway with its own heartbeat


is Muddy, Elon, Gary, Warren all operate


off of the same gateway. Okay. And


what's really cool is as I improve the


system, I have a rule in place with


Muddy that whatever's done across the


ops dashboard, any new tabs, any


existing tabs, any changes that it makes


that are relevant to an agent workspace,


it updates this workspace so I have a


place to reference how things are built.


Right? And then moving on to the last


one is docs. Currently, I only set up


the documentation for ops because this


is the the the application I'm focused


on most within muddy OS. But real time,


it updates the documentation


as well. Like my agents and my


department heads can reference the


documentation. It can reference


everything within this OS as well. So I


mean I have just been floored by the


capabilities of openclaw. Once you have


that imagination,


almost anything is possible. I just want


to say thank you to Peter. Thank you for


taking the time to build this. Thank you


for making this open source. You're the


goat. You are the goat. You're making


all this possible. Um, yeah. Thank you.


So, if you have any questions at all


about my operating system, about this


ops dashboard, drop a comment below. Let


me know what your question is. Let me


know what you want me to expand on.


And yeah, I'm not an AI expert. I'm


building in public and sharing what


actually works. If you'd like to see me


make a particular video around a


specific topic, drop a comment below.


Let me know who you are, what you do,


who your target audience is, and what


your question is, and I will add a video


to my queue customtailored just for you.


Thank you so much for tuning in today's


video. My name is Marcelo. This is Clear


Mud, and clarity matters.