Do you know last year the US government


had over $50 billion they were going to


give to small businesses and more than


30% of it never got used? That's the


part nobody talks about. I complain all


the time about how government makes


things harder for small businesses. They


do. But here's the other side. There are


loans, government programs, grants,


mentorship opportunities all around.


There is money that the government has


and it is waiting for you. So in this


video I'm going to teach you how to take


it.


state programs nobody's talking about.


Let me tell you some secrets. One of our


entrepreneurs in the boardroom used


workforce training and funds and wage


credits, that's like free money to


employ people to grow their first


employees to over 15 in one year. And


they got most of their payroll


reimbursed. This was especially crazy


because they were bootstrapped, had no


investors, and no money to start. So


they kept putting all the money back in


the business which means that they


didn't have any money to hire except


because the government gave them. Now


cool part, red state, blue state,


doesn't matter. Economic development


agencies want businesses like yours. You


just have to ask. In fact, if you look


at this map of the US, every state has


its own version of this. We'll pay you


to build something is what they're


telling you. These are called state


business incentives. So, tax credits,


wage reimbursements, training grants.


Your employees aren't good enough? Train


them up on the government's dive. Some


examples, Texas will give up to 500K for


workforce training through TWWC. Indiana


5K per full-time hire plus 50% off


training. Florida a,000 to 5K per rural


job. Yes, just for hiring locally.


Tennessee, 50% of payroll reimbured in


high poverty areas. New York, where


we're sitting today, 75% back on


employee training in clean energy. So,


how do you get them? Let's give you the


secrets. Huh? Wait until you see the end


of this video. I've got way more for


you. One, search your state and go look


up economic development incentives. Two,


find programs with names like workforce


training credit, job tax credit, capital


investment reimbursement. Three, go


apply online. Most take less than 30


minutes. What do you need? Not that


much. You need to file before you hire


or expand. Submit some basic payroll or


expense docs to make sure you're not


lying. Claim the credit at tax time or


get reimbursed to direct. Obviously,


talk to your accountant about all of


this to make sure that it's applicable


for you. We've taught 14,000 business


owners and before us, 99% of them, they


didn't do this. But the 1% that do,


well, they get to build with these guys


money. You get to use the government's


money.


Yes, the government will actually give


you money for a business or even to buy


one. I kid you not. I was going to


invest in a nail and hardware business,


you know, like this type. And I was


about to give them a couple hundred,000


for this business. And then all of a


sudden, they told me they didn't need


it. Why? Because the government gave


them the loan instead. The SBA allowed


them to take multiple investors and use


their money for the loan instead of


mine. So, they got debt, which means


they hold owned the company outright


after a period instead of if I was to


give them the money, well, I was going


to own a slice of that bad boy forever.


You could say everyone thinks the system


is rigged against them. But when you


learn the rules, you realize these rules


were actually written for you if you


know the game that you're playing and


you play the right one. What's


fascinating is this all actually started


after the Great Depression, which almost


wiped out a majority of small


businesses. So, obviously, the


government steps in because it needs to


save them. They saved 110,000 of these


businesses with grants and loans. So you


guys today have resources your


grandparents and mine never have. And


the reason is simple. The small


businesses, well, they're the backbone


of the US and the economy overall. And


after World War II, these businesses,


they were about to be eviscerated by the


war. They didn't just want a bunch of


big corporations and monopolies. So the


government, they wanted to create some


rivalry. They were trying to help the


little guys make sure they still


existed, not create other kings that


would vive for power with them. Today's


politicians are smart and they know that


99% of all businesses in America are


small. They create two out of three of


every jobs. People with jobs, what do


they do? They vote. So when the economy


stalls, small businesses, well, they


restart the engine. And there's just one


problem here, though. Entrepreneurship


is really risky especially now. So the


government they decided to put their


hand on the scales. This is sort of this


balance between risk and incentives. So


they use grants, tax credits, cheap


loans to talk me and you into doing more


small business. So that means if you


know where to look, you can build your


businesses all on the government's dime.


Just like the guys who took the


government's money instead of mine, now


they own a 100% of a business that does


millions of dollars a year. Let's do


their homework.


This part I know from experience. Let me


tell you why. The QSBS, for instance,


allowed me to make 300K taxfree from a


Fortune cookie advertising company


called Open Fortune. What is QPS? It's


basically the government saying if you


put real skin in the game backing a


small C corp, we'll let you keep a chunk


of your upside tax-free. If you buy


original shares in a USC Corp, that's


just a company structure, when it's


still small and actually operating as a


real business, and then you hold those


shares for at least five years, the IRS


can let you exclude up to a 100% of the


capital gains. That's like the upside


when you sell to the tune of 10 million


bucks or 10x what you put in per person.


That means if I put in 500k, grow it,


and sell that company for$5 million,


that entire $4.5 million gain can be


federal tax-free when the rules are met.


So instead of writing a big check to the


IRS, that cash, well, it stays in my


pocket and gets rolled into the next


deal. It is literally a cheat code for


people who are willing to build or back


small businesses. So, always get a good


tax bro to talk to you about this to


make sure your company's set up the


right way and that your shares actually


qualify. The last thing that I'll tell


you guys, and I've done this so many


times now, and I learned it from some


billionaires like Peter Teal, who made


hundreds of millions of dollars this


way. Now, most people think tax credits


are just for the big companies like


Peter Teal, but the truth is they're


actually written for us. Most founders


just never read the fine print. So, I


want you to think about the good stuff


you can get when you take the really


hard risk. How do you get the actual


cash? Let me give you some examples.


Working opportunity tax credit, what's


called the WOTC. When you hire someone


from a qualifying group like a veteran


or someone who's been unemployed, then


you get anywhere from 2400 to 9600 back


in tax credits. Section 179 deduction,


buy equipment or a vehicle, write off up


to 1.25 million instantly. Now, you got


to do this the right way. Lots of people


defraud the government this way. Don't


do that. Make sure that you are doing it


on the up and up. There's also the


historic rehab credit. Renovate a


commercial space, get 20% back. New


Markets Tax Credit. Invest in lowincome


zones, earn up to 39% back in tax


credits. Here's how this could look in


real life for you. Let's say you buy an


HVAC business. You hire a vet. That's up


to $9,600 back via the WOTC. Just have


them fill out the form before or on


their start date. So, let's say then you


buy two trucks and 75K of new equipment.


Section 179 lets you write it off


immediately. You don't need to wait


years. You get to do it right away. Even


if it's financed, which is pretty wild.


So, then you go and remodel an old


building in a historic zone. That's 20%


back with the historic rehab credit if


you follow the guidelines. And if you


expand into lowincome zip codes, then


you partner with a CDE, you get cheap


capital through the new market's tax


credit program. Wow. That is how you


turn a boring business into a


taxefficient cash printer. Most founders


miss this, but you won't. Actually, I


thought I'd share a secret with you. So,


you want to know how I got started when


I had zero and I wanted to make my first


100K online? And actually, it's how this


guy, my friend Sam, made $25 million


before he even looked like this. He was


selling hot dogs prior. So, the secret


is something that nobody really talks


about, but it is so simple. It's a


newsletter. You write down your ideas,


you send them to the world, and this


platform, Beehive, grows your audience.


It links up with advertisers to pay you.


And you have to be zero technical to do


it. You know, because we can't really


trust the government like we've talked


about in this video or other platforms.


You want to own your audience with


email. So, when I started my whole


newsletter, now I have one to source


deals, get investors attention, sell


offers, you know, turn my knowledge into


my cash flowing asset. That's also just


so you know how Warren Buffett got


famous. He started with investor


letters. So if you're looking for a lean


way to start that can actually scale and


make you money, you got to check out


Beehive. I believe with every fiber of


my being that newsletters are the


future. So you go to beehive which is


beehiv.com/cody


and use code cody30. It'll give you 30%


off your first three months. And I think


this is the way we own our online assets


and nobody's talking about it. Okay, I


want to teach you one other thing. Let's


talk about how taxes reward


entrepreneurs. Most founders quietly tip


15.3% to the IRS every year just because


their entire entity is set up wrong. Not


because they made too much money, but a


founder who is doing, for instance, 500K


in profit a year as a solo LLC, by


default, every dollar is hit with 15.3%


self-employment tax. That's for Social


Security and Medicare, etc. That's about


76,500 bucks straight off the top just


in SE tax. So our founder, we tell her


to switch to an S corp election. Now she


pays herself a reasonable salary of


let's say 150K. Still hits with the


payroll tax, but takes the remaining


$350,000


as distributions. Payroll taxes now only


applies to $150,000 wage piece, not the


full 500k. So that 15.3% bite drops from


roughly 23k on the salary all the way


down and doesn't hit the $350,000 in


distributions. So she completely avoids


this self-employment tax. Now I know


this stuff all sounds kind of boring.


Tax this, tax that. But how does it


sound to keep $350,000


off of the government taxing you? Pretty


good to me. It's the same business, same


revenue, same profit, just 50,000 per


year captains that have donated to the


government. Stretch that over a couple


of years of growth. And it's very


realistic to say you've saved six


figures purely by changing the entity


type and how the cash is labeled, aka


salary versus distribution. That's the


game. The broke founder only thinks,


"How do I make money?" The rich founder


also asks, "How do I keep it?" This is


the difference between being rich on


paper and staying rich after taxes. The


rich don't just make more money. They


play the tax system. They play it like a


chessboard. R&D credit up to $250,000


back. Even if unprofitable. Google


dropped $49 billion on R&D research and


development last year. Microsoft 30


billion. They lobbyed for full writeoffs


so they could expense it all upfront.


Now they get a massive tax break just


for building smarter. QPS, we talked


about that. Sell your business, stack


cash. That would be like Roblox founder


for instance, David used it dozens of


times and legally dodged millions in


taxes at his company. He even gave


qualifying shares to a family member and


allowed them to make the same amount.


The escorps, that's also really smart.


You can do that because if QSBS only


allows for 10 million for you, I know


that's a lot. 10 million for you, but 10


million for your husband. If you make 20


mil, there you go. The escorp split


avoids the 15.3% tax on non- salary


income. And people secretly working


multiple six-f figureure remote jobs use


this. These aren't hacks. This is the US


tax code. It's just using it smarter. If


you are not talking to your accountant


or attorney about this, well, I guess


you're just giving money to the


government. I don't like doing that.


Let's say that you want to go out and


buy a business. Well, we teach thousands


of people every year how to do that. For


instance, you can go to the SBA and they


can give you a loan to buy a business


and you put down 10% or even raise


capital from multiple people. Let's also


talk about how there are low rate state


programs where individual states will


pay you to buy a business in their


state. Check out what Alaska does. It's


pretty wild. So, you don't have to take


on all the debt yourself. In fact, our


members have done about $300 million in


deals. most of these using the SBA,


seller financing or other people's


money, often the governments, because


everyone wants to bootstrap or raise VC.


But the real move, borrow like a


business owner, not a consumer. Let's


compare a couple things. 14% APR credit


card versus a 2% SBA loan or maybe in


this climate, an 8 or 12% SBA loan. If


you start a business with debt, that can


be terrifying unless it's the right kind


of debt. For an SBA microl loan, you can


get up to 50K, no down payment, 8 to 13%


interest, state-run low interest rates,


2 to 5% rates in PA, Ohio, Illinois.


This is perfect for equipment and


facilities and to be able to use loans


to buy that. Let's say for instance, you


have a 17% interest rate credit card.


Well, bank loans, you can negotiate


those maybe 8, 12%. And if you go


direct, sometimes you can get loans for


small business owners, two, five, 6%.


You know which one is I'd take. And I


know that everything I told you right


now sounds simple on paper, but the real


unlock is seeing this done live with


real deals and real people doing them.


That's exactly why we host Main Street


Millionaire Live. It's not a


motivational conference. This is real


operators doing deals to buy businesses


and showing you step by step how to do


it. In fact, you get to watch people who


used to be nurses, doctors, engineers,


and employees closing deals that are


averaging two and a half to$5 million.


and they're breaking them down on stage


how they structured them so that you can


steal their homework. So if you want to


stop watching YouTube videos and


actually learn from people doing this


right now, go to www.msm.live.


I think if you guys give me 72 hours, I


can change your life. Mentorship that's


actually useful and free. You see, every


successful founder I know had someone


that gave them a cheat code. These


programs are the cheat codes. You just


have to show up. One of my favorites is


business education deduction. Do you


know you get a tax write off for


business education if you own a


business? And guess what? I realized


this early. So, I did this in my


business. I started paying for


consultants and adviserss to help my


business grow. And then I wrote it all


off. So, I got smarter. I used my money


to make me more money instead of giving


it to Uncle Sam. This is called your


business education credit. And then I


started something called the boardroom


where our members, they've seen their


businesses grow by 2x, in some cases 47%


in one month and they use our program as


a tax deduction. So our consultants help


you improve your pricing systems,


increase profit margins, and Uncle Sam


lets you write it off. So keep your


invoice, categorize it as a professional


business consulting, hand it to your


bookkeeper or CPA at tax time and talk


to them about if this is applicable for


you. Most of our members deduct it as an


ordinary and necessary business expense.


You can do the exact same thing. So, if


you want your 2026 to be your most


profitable year yet, you can apply here.


I'd love to extend you an invite into


the boardroom if you're a fit. And if


not, we'll keep helping you on YouTube


no matter what. Because the movement


here is speed for you. If you're trying


to win without mentors, I don't know. I


think you're just playing on hard mode.


If you think about it like a chess game,


you want to make sure that you actually


know the game you're playing with the


right person who can teach you how to


get there faster. This isn't charity,


but it is available for all of you. It's


not just free money from the government.


You do have to do the work. You can't


just fill out a form and get a check.


But if you're building something real,


creating jobs, making money, adding


value, the government wants to help you.


So don't wait for permission because


this already exists. It's just waiting


for you to take it or leave it like the


billions that were left last year.


That's not going to be you. So, I hope


to see you get some business tax credits


this year or join us in the boardroom


because the truth of the matter is small


business is too hard to do alone and


with no